https://www.example.com | More information...
https://www.iana.org/domains/example | We provide a web service on the example domain hosts to provide basic information on the purpose of the domain. These web services are provided as best effort, but are not designed to support production applications. While incidental traffic for incorrectly configured applications is expected, please do not design applications that require the example domains to have operating HTTP service. Further Reading
http://www.iana.org/domains | The DNS Root Zone The root is the upper-most part of the DNS hierarchy, and involves delegating administrative responsibility of “top-level domains”, which are the last segment of a domain name, such as .com, .uk and .nz. Part of our tasks includes evaluating requests to change the operators of country code domains, as well as day-to-day maintenance of the details of the existing operators. .INT The .int top-level domain, designed for the sole use of cross-national organisations, such as treaty organisations, that do not naturally fit into a specific country’s top-level domain. For example, who.int for the World Health Organisation. .ARPA The .arpa domain is used internally by Internet protocols, such as for reverse mapping of IP addresses, and delivery of ENUM phone number mapping. We administer this domain in close liaison with the Internet Architecture Board, which has policy responsibility for .arpa. IDN Practices Repository To help foster the deployment of Internationalised Domain Names (IDNs), a repository of “IDN tables” which document the permissable characters for different languages and scripts provided for registration by different top-level domain registries. The repository is informative, and designed for information sharing. Root Key Signing Key The Root Key Signing Key provides verification of the DNSSEC-signed root zone. Special Purpose Domains A number of special domains are reserved or managed for demonstration purposes, or for future use.
http://www.iana.org/about | Specifically, we allocate and maintain unique codes and numbering systems that are used in the technical standards (“protocols”) that drive the Internet. Our various activities can be broadly grouped in to three categories: Domain Names Management of the DNS Root, the .int and .arpa domains, and an IDN practices resource. Number Resources Co-ordination of the global pool of IP and AS numbers, primarily providing them to Regional Internet Registries (RIRs). Protocol Assignments Internet protocols’ numbering systems are managed in conjunction with standards bodies. Mission Statement PTI is responsible for the operational aspects of coordinating the Internet’s unique identifiers and maintaining the trust of the community to provide these services in an unbiased, responsible and effective manner. To improve its operations, we are actively involved in outreach too. As well as in ICANN forums, we participate in meetings and discussions with TLD operators, Regional Internet Registries, and other relevant communities. We provide manned helpdesks at key meetings to allow one-to-one interaction with our community of users, such as protocol developers and operators of critical Internet infrastructure.
http://www.iana.org/domains/reserved | Example domains Test IDN top-level domains Domain Domain (A-label) Language Script إختبار XN--KGBECHTV Arabic Arabic آزمایشی XN--HGBK6AJ7F53BBA Persian Arabic 测试 XN--0ZWM56D Chinese Han (Simplified variant) 測試 XN--G6W251D Chinese Han (Traditional variant) испытание XN--80AKHBYKNJ4F Russian Cyrillic परीक्षा XN--11B5BS3A9AJ6G Hindi Devanagari (Nagari) δοκιμή XN--JXALPDLP Greek, Modern (1453-) Greek 테스트 XN--9T4B11YI5A Korean Hangul (Hangŭl, Hangeul) טעסט XN--DEBA0AD Yiddish Hebrew テスト XN--ZCKZAH Japanese Katakana பரிட்சை XN--HLCJ6AYA9ESC7A Tamil Tamil Domains which are described as registered to IANA or ICANN on policy grounds are not available for registration or transfer, with the exception of country-name.info domains. These domains are available for release by the ICANN Governmental Advisory Committee Secretariat. Other Special-Use Domains
http://www.iana.org/numbers | Currently there are two types of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses in active use: IP version 4 (IPv4) and IP version 6 (IPv6). IPv4 was initially deployed on 1 January 1983 and is still the most commonly used version. IPv4 addresses are 32-bit numbers often expressed as 4 octets in “dotted decimal” notation (for example, 192.0.2.53). Deployment of the IPv6 protocol began in 1999. IPv6 addresses are 128-bit numbers and are conventionally expressed using hexadecimal strings (for example, 2001:0db8:582:ae33::29). Both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses are generally assigned in a hierarchical manner. Users are assigned IP addresses by Internet service providers (ISPs). ISPs obtain allocations of IP addresses from a local Internet registry (LIR) or National Internet Registry (NIR), or from their appropriate Regional Internet Registry (RIR): Registry Area Covered AFRINIC Africa Region APNIC Asia/Pacific Region ARIN Canada, USA, and some Caribbean Islands LACNIC Latin America and some Caribbean Islands RIPE NCC Europe, the Middle East, and Central Asia IP Address Allocations
http://www.iana.org/domains/root | Browse Root zone change requests Root Zone DNSSEC Trust Anchors KSK Ceremony Materials Polices and Procedures for Root Zone Key Management Trusted Community Representatives Third-Party Audit Certification Public Announcement Mailing List
http://www.iana.org/abuse | The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, or IANA, is responsible for the global coordination of IP addresses. Most of the used numbers are allocated via a regional allocation system to your ISP, which then automatically assigns one or more to you. There are, however, special sets of numbers that are designed not to be assigned to any particular person. Instead, they are general allocations that are either used in special ways, or designed for people to use internally within local networks. These numbers are primarily in the following ranges: Begins with 10. (i.e. 10.0.0.0 through to 10.255.255.255) Begins with 127. Begins with 169.254. Begins with 172.16. through 172.31. Begins with 192.168. Shows up in your logs with a name like blackhole-1.iana.org If you are seeing unexplained Internet traffic to your computer from these numbers, it is important to remember the following things: The traffic does not come from IANA. As the authority for IP addresses, we have simply reserved these numbers in our databases, but we do not use or operate them, and we are not the source of the traffic. As use of these numbers is untracked and unrestricted, we can not tell you who is using these numbers. It is perfectly normal to see traffic from these numbers if you have a small home or office network. By default, most routers and access points use these numbers to assign to your local computers. It is most likely these numbers represent computers on your own internal network. If you see these numbers in the headers of an unsolicited email, they usually indicate transit between servers within a corporate network or ISP. They are not useful in identifying the origin of an email. In such cases you can usually find the true origin by looking for the earliest “Received” mail header that is not an IANA Reserved address.
http://www.iana.org/time-zones | Latest version HTTP: https://www.iana.org/time-zones FTP: ftp://ftp.iana.org/tz/ Rsync: rsync://rsync.iana.org/tz/ Further information Protocol Registries Protocol Registries Time Zone Database Performance IETF Draft Status
http://www.iana.org/reviews | Consultation Source of Policies and User Instructions for ccTLD Delegation and Redelegation A consultation on the Source of Policies & User Instructions for delegations and redelegations of country-code top-level domains. Source of Policies and User Instructions for gTLD Delegation and Redelegation A consultation on the Source of Policies & User Instructions for delegations and redelegations of generic top-level domains. Source of Policies and User Instructions for Internet Number Resource Requests A consultation on the Source of Policies & User Instructions for Internet Number Resource Requests Root Zone KSK Rollover Process Seeking feedback on how ICANN should perform a rollover (change) to the Key Signing Key used to sign the DNS Root Zone for DNSSEC. Performance Standards for ccTLD Delegation and Redelegation Seeking feedback on developing performance standards for delegation and redelegation of a country-code top-level domain. Performance Standards for gTLD Delegation and Redelegation Seeking feedback on appropriate performance standards for delegation and redelegation of a generic top-level domain. Secure Notification Process Seeking feedback on how ICANN should notify the community relating to service changes, outages, and other important announcements. Customer Service Complaint Resolution Process Seeking feedback on how ICANN should resolve customer complaints relating to how the IANA functions have been executed. Performance Standards for Internet Numbers Resources Seeking feedback on appropriate performance standards for the allocation of Internet Number Resources such as IPv4 and IPv6 allocations, primarily to Regional Internet Registries.
http://www.iana.org/contact | General email contact Postal address Telephone contacts
http://www.iana.org/domains/int | Maintain
http://www.iana.org/about/excellence | Founded in 1989, EFQM (the European Foundation for Quality Management) is the not-for-profit membership foundation that publishes the EFQM Excellence Model, a comprehensive management framework used by over 30,000 organizations around the world. The model helps organizations achieve and sustain outstanding levels of performance that meet or exceed the expectations of all their stakeholders. It allows people to understand the cause and effect relationships between what their organization does and the results it achieves. The model is based on the Fundamental Concepts of Excellence: Adding value for customers Creating a sustainable future Developing organizational capability Harnessing creativity and innovation Leading with vision, inspiration and integrity Managing with agility Succeeding through the talent of people Sustaining outstanding results We engaged EFQM to perform the assessment and will use the analysis to identify improvements. We remain committed to using the EFQM model to perform continual review and improvement of the IANA services we provide to the community.
https://www.icann.org/privacy/tos | Redline from the previous version of our Terms of Service The following Terms of Service apply to electronic platforms, applications, and online services ("Platforms") that are owned, operated, or sponsored by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers organization ("ICANN organization") and its affiliated organization Public Technical Identifiers ("PTI") where these terms are referenced, linked, or published. In these Terms of Service, ICANN and PTI are sometimes referred to collectively as "we", "us", or "our." The singular term "Platform" includes all equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute, or backup Platform, and all information and data made available or communicated via the Platform. The Platform is made available subject to all of these terms and conditions and all of our operating rules, policies and procedures, including, without limitation, our Privacy Policy, the ICANN Expected Standards of Behavior, and ICANN Community Anti-Harassment Policy and Terms of Participation and Compliant Procedure, that may be published from time to time on the Platform by us (collectively, the "Agreement"). This Agreement is not intended to supersede or govern any other terms and conditions or any other operating rules, policies and procedures specific to any other program or service provided by us unless expressly stated by us in connection with such other program or service. Also, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions applicable to specific functions and services offered in a Platform. Those additional terms and conditions supplement these Terms of Service, but apply only to your use of such functions and services. Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Platform. By accessing or using any part of the Platform, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Data Privacy Policy In addition to these Terms of Service, we have established a Privacy Policy to explain how we collect and use information about you. A copy of the Privacy Policy can be found at https://www.icann.org/privacy/policy. We have also published a Cookies Policy that describes how, when and why we use tracking technologies on our Platforms. A copy of the Cookies Policy can be found at https://www.icann.org/privacy/cookies. By accessing or using the Platform, you are also signifying your acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. Your Account If you create an account on the Platform, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized or suspicious uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. By creating an account on the Platform, you may be required to provide information about yourself (such as identification or contact details) as part of the registration process for the Platform, or as part of your continued use of the Platform. You agree that any registration information you give to us will be accurate, correct and up to date. Furthermore, you agree that the information that you share about yourself will be shared publicly for the purpose of displaying of profiles of ICANN community members and for identification of discussion contributors within the communication tools provided. Responsibility of Contributors If you communicate, post material, or transfer information using the Platform, post links on the Platform, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Platform (any such material, "Content"), you are entirely responsible for the Content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that: communicating, downloading, copying and using the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any person or third party organization if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive material or information the Content complies with any applicable third party terms and conditions you have accepted applicable to the Content or the use of the third party services needed for your use of the Platform the Content is not spam, is not machine-generated or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content material designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing) the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party the Content does not consist of unsolicited promotional materials such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, blogs and web sites, and other similar unsolicited promotional methods the Content is not named in a manner that misleads others into thinking that you are another person or company you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by us or otherwise and the Content complies with the ICANN Expected Standards of Behavior and ICANN Community Anti-Harassment Policy and Terms of Participation and Compliant Procedure. Content Contributions and Cancelations We have the right (though not the obligation) to, in our sole discretion, (i) refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policy or procedure or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) cancel any registration or account to use a Platform, or (iii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Platform to any individual or entity, in each case for any reason and in our sole discretion. Responsibility of Platform Visitors We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material posted to the Platform, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's Content, use or effects. By operating the Platform, we do not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive Content. You may only use the Platform pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. You are solely responsible for your use of the Platform and agree to abide by, and comply with, all laws in connection with your use of the Platform, including but not limited to laws related to recording, intellectual property, privacy and export control. Age Restrictions In order to use the Platform on your own behalf, you must be at least 18 years of age. If you are between the ages of 16 and 18, you may still use the Platform, but you must have a parent or legal guardian provide valid and verifiable consent to your use of the Platform and acceptance of these Terms of Service. Under no circumstances is the Platform intended for direct use by persons under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any personal data directly from persons under the age of 16. Content Posted on Other Platforms The Platform may contain add-on services, hyperlinks or references to third party services and websites that are not our vendors. These third party websites and services are outside of our control and are operated by third parties. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material made available through third party online services, websites and webpages to which the Platform links, and that link to the Platform that we are not responsible for, nor shall it be liable to you for your access and use of any such third party hyperlinks, websites or services. The appearance on the Platform of external online services and hyperlinks, in any form, does not constitute endorsement by us of the opinions or views expressed by any such third-party websites and we do not take responsibility for the accuracy, currency, completeness, or quality of the Content contained at such websites and third-party services. Furthermore, we are not responsible for the quality or delivery of the products or services offered, provided, accessed, or advertised by any third party. As such, we will not be responsible or liable to you in any way for any Content, errors, or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of any information contained in or provided to those third-party sites. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive Content. We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of third-party websites and webpages. Copyright Infringement and Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Policy As we ask others to respect our intellectual property rights, we respect the intellectual property rights of others. We will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Platform if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of our or other party's copyrights or other intellectual property rights. If you believe that your intellectual property is being used on the Platform in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Designated Agent (set forth below) the following information (as required by Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act): A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address at which the complaining party may be contacted A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law and A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. The information specified above must be sent to our Designated Agent, whose contact information is as follows: ICANN Attn: ICANN Legal 12025 Waterfront Drive, Suite 300 Los Angeles, CA 90094 Tel: 310-301-5800 Email: legal-intellectual-property@icann.org Please note that Section 512(f) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act may impose liability for damages on any person who knowingly sends meritless notices of infringement. Please do not make false claims. Any information or correspondence that you provide to us may be shared with third parties, including the person who provided us with the allegedly infringing material. Upon receipt of a bona fide infringement notification by the Designated Agent, it is our policy to remove or disable access to the infringing material, notify the user who posted the material that we have removed or disabled access to the material, and, for repeat offenders, to terminate such user's access to the service. If you believe that your Content should not have been removed for alleged copyright infringement, you may send our Designated Agent a written counter-notice with the following information: Identification of the copyrighted work that was removed, and the location on the Platform where it would have been found prior to its removal A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed as a result of a mistake or misidentification and Your physical or electronic signature, together with your contact information (address, telephone number and, if available, email address). If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party, informing that person that we may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our discretion. We will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Platform if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of our or other party's copyrights or other intellectual property rights. Intellectual Property This Agreement does not transfer from us to you any of our or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with us. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Platform are trademarks or registered trademarks of our organization or other third parties. Your use of the Platform grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any intellectual property belonging to our organization or other third parties. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, ICANN ORGANIZATION, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, ASSOCIATES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, ACCESS TO, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE PLATFORM OR ANY MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THE PLATFORM, WHETHER THE MATERIAL IS PROVIDED OR OTHERWISE SUPPLIED BY US OR ANY THIRD PARTY. If, notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions, we are found to be liable to you for any damages or losses arising out of your use of, access to or inability to use the Platform or any material provided or otherwise supplied by us or any third party, our liability shall in no event exceed US $25.00. Note that some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability or may place limitations on our ability to limit its liability to you, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you. The material provided by the Platform could include technical inaccuracies or other errors. The availability of the Platform may be interrupted due to technical conditions. Your use of the Platform is at your risk. We do not warrant that the functional aspects of the Platform will be uninterrupted or error-free or that the Platform or the servers that make it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Without limiting the foregoing, everything in the Platform is provided to you "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Governing Law This Agreement, and any disputes or claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, is subject to the laws of the state of California, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of another jurisdiction. Arbitration Agreement Dispute Resolution and Arbitration REVIEW THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. AS DESCRIBED BELOW, IT LIMITS: (i) YOUR ABILITY TO LITIGATE CERTAIN CLAIMS IN COURT (ii) YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY DECIDE CERTAIN CLAIMS AND (iii) YOUR ABILITY TO COMBINE CLAIMS AND TO BRING CLAIMS THROUGH CLASS ACTIONS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY USING AND/OR BECOMING A REGISTERED USER OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES, YOU CONSENT AND CHOOSE TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS SUBMITTED TO BINDING ARBITRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT NO ARBITRATION OR PROCEEDING WILL BE COMBINED WITH ANOTHER WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF ALL PARTIES TO ALL AFFECTED ARBITRATIONS OR PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, you agree that, except as otherwise set forth in this Section, all Claims (defined as any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement, your use of or inability to use the Platform, Content or services, except the following types of disputes and controversies: (a) any claim seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of our intellectual property rights (b) any claim related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, or unauthorized use (c) any claim for injunctive relief and (d) any claim within the jurisdictional limits of the small claims courts) between you and us (and its officers, directors, executives, agents, and employees) shall be resolved through binding arbitration administered by JAMS, pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures and in accordance with the Expedited Procedures in those rules in effect at the time the Claim is filed. Each Claim shall be submitted to a single arbitrator selected through mutual agreement of the parties. The arbitrator's decision shall be final, binding, and non-appealable. Judgment upon the award may be entered and enforced in any court having jurisdiction or application may be made for judicial acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement. Except as otherwise indicated in this Agreement, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, and/or enforceability of this Agreement and any terms or documents incorporated herein, including any claim that all or any part of this Agreement, are void or voidable. The arbitration proceedings shall be held in Los Angeles County, California and shall be subject to this Agreement and the laws of the State of California, United States, without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof. The arbitrator shall not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims or conduct any Class Action (as defined below), or make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration. No arbitration or proceeding will be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to all affected arbitrations or proceedings. Before you take a dispute to arbitration or to small claims court, you must first contact us in writing and describe: (a) the nature and basis of the Claim or dispute and (b) the specific relief sought to give us an opportunity to resolve the dispute. Similarly, before we take a dispute to arbitration, we must first attempt to resolve it by contacting you. If we do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within sixty (60) days from the date such notification is provided, you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding. If we prevail before the arbitrator, and if we show that you acted in bad faith in bringing your claim, then we may seek to recover the JAMS' fees and expenses of the arbitrator from you. Class Action Waiver Each of us expressly agree that any Claim(s) must be brought in the respective party's individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, representative, multiple plaintiff, or similar proceeding ("Class Action"). Each of us expressly agree to waive any ability to maintain any Class Action in any forum raising a Claim covered by this Section. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Claim, dispute, or controversy alleging that all or part of the Class Action waiver contained in this Section is invalid, illegal, unenforceable, void, or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. Changes We reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. Your continued use of or access to the Platform following the notification of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Platform (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Termination We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Platform at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement, you may simply discontinue using the Platform. If you wish to terminate your account (if you have one), please contact globalsupport@icann.org. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. General Representation and Warranty You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Platform will be in strict accordance with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable Content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which this Platform resides or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Platform will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party. Miscellaneous Modification. This Agreement may be modified by the posting by us of a revised version on the Platform. No Waiver. Our failure to enforce, or delay in enforcing, any provision of these Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right. Any waiver must be in writing and signed by both Parties to be legally binding. Severability. All parts of these Terms of Service apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. If a part of this Agreement cannot be enforced as written, then that part will be replaced with terms that most closely match the intent of the Parties to the extent permitted by applicable law. The invalidity of part of these Terms of Service will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in the Terms of Service creates any partnership, joint venture, franchise, employment, or other agency relationship between us and you. You may not enter into any contract on our behalf or bind us in any way. Assignment. You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms of Service, and any such attempt will be null and void. We may, in our sole discretion, transfer, delegate, subcontract or assign, without notifying you, any rights or obligations under these Terms of Service. Third-Party Beneficiaries. These Terms of Service are for our benefit and you only, and only we and you may enforce it. The Parties do not intend for these Terms of Service to confer any right or benefit on any third party. No third party may commence or prosecute an action against a Party to these Terms of Service claiming to be a third-party beneficiary of these Terms of Service or any of the transactions contemplated in these Terms of Service. Effective Date of Terms of Service These Terms of Service are effective and were last updated on 12 June 2020. In addition to these Terms of Service, we have established a Privacy Policy to explain how we collect and use information about you. A copy of the Privacy Policy can be found at https://www.icann.org/privacy/policy. We have also published a Cookies Policy that describes how, when and why we use tracking technologies on our Platforms. A copy of the Cookies Policy can be found at https://www.icann.org/privacy/cookies. By accessing or using the Platform, you are also signifying your acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. If you create an account on the Platform, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized or suspicious uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. By creating an account on the Platform, you may be required to provide information about yourself (such as identification or contact details) as part of the registration process for the Platform, or as part of your continued use of the Platform. You agree that any registration information you give to us will be accurate, correct and up to date. Furthermore, you agree that the information that you share about yourself will be shared publicly for the purpose of displaying of profiles of ICANN community members and for identification of discussion contributors within the communication tools provided. If you communicate, post material, or transfer information using the Platform, post links on the Platform, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Platform (any such material, "Content"), you are entirely responsible for the Content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that: communicating, downloading, copying and using the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any person or third party organization if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive material or information the Content complies with any applicable third party terms and conditions you have accepted applicable to the Content or the use of the third party services needed for your use of the Platform the Content is not spam, is not machine-generated or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content material designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing) the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party the Content does not consist of unsolicited promotional materials such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, blogs and web sites, and other similar unsolicited promotional methods the Content is not named in a manner that misleads others into thinking that you are another person or company you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by us or otherwise and the Content complies with the ICANN Expected Standards of Behavior and ICANN Community Anti-Harassment Policy and Terms of Participation and Compliant Procedure. We have the right (though not the obligation) to, in our sole discretion, (i) refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policy or procedure or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) cancel any registration or account to use a Platform, or (iii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Platform to any individual or entity, in each case for any reason and in our sole discretion. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material posted to the Platform, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's Content, use or effects. By operating the Platform, we do not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive Content. You may only use the Platform pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. You are solely responsible for your use of the Platform and agree to abide by, and comply with, all laws in connection with your use of the Platform, including but not limited to laws related to recording, intellectual property, privacy and export control. In order to use the Platform on your own behalf, you must be at least 18 years of age. If you are between the ages of 16 and 18, you may still use the Platform, but you must have a parent or legal guardian provide valid and verifiable consent to your use of the Platform and acceptance of these Terms of Service. Under no circumstances is the Platform intended for direct use by persons under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any personal data directly from persons under the age of 16. The Platform may contain add-on services, hyperlinks or references to third party services and websites that are not our vendors. These third party websites and services are outside of our control and are operated by third parties. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material made available through third party online services, websites and webpages to which the Platform links, and that link to the Platform that we are not responsible for, nor shall it be liable to you for your access and use of any such third party hyperlinks, websites or services. The appearance on the Platform of external online services and hyperlinks, in any form, does not constitute endorsement by us of the opinions or views expressed by any such third-party websites and we do not take responsibility for the accuracy, currency, completeness, or quality of the Content contained at such websites and third-party services. Furthermore, we are not responsible for the quality or delivery of the products or services offered, provided, accessed, or advertised by any third party. As such, we will not be responsible or liable to you in any way for any Content, errors, or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of any information contained in or provided to those third-party sites. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive Content. We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of third-party websites and webpages. As we ask others to respect our intellectual property rights, we respect the intellectual property rights of others. We will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Platform if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of our or other party's copyrights or other intellectual property rights. If you believe that your intellectual property is being used on the Platform in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Designated Agent (set forth below) the following information (as required by Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright A
http://www.iana.org/domains | The DNS Root Zone The root is the upper-most part of the DNS hierarchy, and involves delegating administrative responsibility of “top-level domains”, which are the last segment of a domain name, such as .com, .uk and .nz. Part of our tasks includes evaluating requests to change the operators of country code domains, as well as day-to-day maintenance of the details of the existing operators. .INT The .int top-level domain, designed for the sole use of cross-national organisations, such as treaty organisations, that do not naturally fit into a specific country’s top-level domain. For example, who.int for the World Health Organisation. .ARPA The .arpa domain is used internally by Internet protocols, such as for reverse mapping of IP addresses, and delivery of ENUM phone number mapping. We administer this domain in close liaison with the Internet Architecture Board, which has policy responsibility for .arpa. IDN Practices Repository To help foster the deployment of Internationalised Domain Names (IDNs), a repository of “IDN tables” which document the permissable characters for different languages and scripts provided for registration by different top-level domain registries. The repository is informative, and designed for information sharing. Root Key Signing Key The Root Key Signing Key provides verification of the DNSSEC-signed root zone. Special Purpose Domains A number of special domains are reserved or managed for demonstration purposes, or for future use.
http://www.iana.org/dnssec | Root Zone DNSSEC Trust Anchors KSK Ceremony Materials Polices and Procedures for Root Zone Key Management Trusted Community Representatives Third-Party Audit Certification Public Announcement Mailing List
http://www.iana.org/domains/root/files | Root Hints File (FTP) Root Hints File (HTTP) Root Zone File (FTP) Root Zone File (HTTP) Root Trust Anchors Top-Level Domain List Domain Names Overview Root Zone Management Overview Root Database Hint and Zone Files Change Requests Instructions & Guides Root Servers .INT Registry Overview Register/modify an .INT domain Eligibility .ARPA Registry IDN Practices Repository Overview Submit a table Root Key Signing Key (DNSSEC) Overview Trusts Anchors and Keys Key Signing Ceremonies Policies & Procedures Community Representatives Project Archive Reserved Domains
http://www.iana.org/domains/root/manage | Root Zone Management Login Email template Root Zone Change Template (Plain text)
http://www.iana.org/domains/root/servers | List of Root Servers For more information, visit information on root zone and root hints access. More information  Root Server Website
http://www.iana.org/domains/int/policy | Please consider the following three elements before applying for an .int domain name. These qualifications must be met before an .int domain name can be granted. An international treaty between or among national governments must be provided. We should be able to look up the international treaty in the UN online database of treaties, or you should provide us a true certified copy of the treaty. Please be sure what you provide is a treaty, not the constitution or bylaws of the organization. We recognize as organizations qualified for domain names under the .int top-level domain the specialized agencies of the UN, and the organizations having observer status at the UN General Assembly. The treaty submitted must establish the organization applying for the .int domain name. The organization must be established by the treaty itself, not by a council decision or similar. The organization that is established must be widely considered to have independent international legal personality and must be the subject of and governed by international law. The declaration or the treaty must have created the organization. If the organization created is a secretariat, it must have a legal personality. For example, it must be able to enter into contracts and be party to legal proceedings. If the organization is a program/function of a treaty organization, we suggest you contact that organization. The program/function is eligible, with consent of the treaty organization, to receive a third-level domain within the second level .int domain operated by that organization (e.g., example.un.int). For example, if your organization is a program of the UN, you should contact the administrator for un.int for a third level domain. If you wish to pursue this, you should contact the appropriate officials of the organization, who can set up the third-level domain without involvement of the IANA. See the IANA Whois service for information about the administrative and technical contacts of the various .int domains. The IANA no longer grants .int domain names for international databases as per RFC 1591. In the past, the .int top-level domain was used both for international treaty-based organizations and for Internet-infrastructure purposes. Because of the need for secure and stable management of the infrastructure aspects of the .int domain, from the time of its inception in 1988 the .int domain was administered by personnel at the University of Southern California/Information Sciences Institute. This activity was assumed by ICANN as part of the transition of the IANA functions from USC/ISI to ICANN at the time of ICANN's establishment. In 2000 the Internet Architecture Board recommended that any new infrastructure subdomains be established within .arpa and that consideration be given to migrating existing infrastructure subdomains in .int to .arpa. See also RFC 3172, Appendix A (28 April 2000 letter from Karen Rose to Louis Touton designating administration of .arpa as an additional IANA function). Accordingly, subdomains are now established in .int only for international treaty-based organizations.
http://www.iana.org/procedures/idn-repository.html | Specifically, as described in the Guidelines for the Implementation of Internationalized Domain Names: A registry will publish one or several lists of Unicode code points that are permitted for registration and will not accept the registration of any name containing an unlisted code point. Each such list will indicate the script or language(s) it is intended to support. If registry policy treats any code point in a list as a variant of any other code point, the nature of that variance and the policies attached to it will be clearly articulated. All such code point listings will be placed in the IANA Repository for IDN TLD Practices in tabular format together with any rules applied to the registration of names containing those code points, before any such registration may be accepted. LGR Requirements Label Generation Ruleset format (recommended). See RFC 7940. ASCII or UTF-8 encoded text file, adhering to common conventions such as those documented in RFC 3743 and RFC 4290. The format should be applied consistently throughout the document and allow for machine parsing. Script or Language Designator (see below for guidance) Version Number (this must increase with each amendment to the LGR, even if the updates are limited to the header itself) Effective Date (the date at which the policy becomes applicable in operational use) Registry Contact Details (contact name, email address, and/or phone number) Registration Process gTLD Submissions ccTLD and Other Submissions the Administrative Contact will receive an email, with the Technical Contact and submitter in copy, requesting the Administrative Contact’s confirmation that the details of the request are correct, or the submitter will receive notice that the LGR does not contain all of the elements necessary for registration. The LGR will not be sent to the Administrative Contact for confirmation until any necessary changes have been made. Language and Script Codes Language/Script Code Notes Korean ko Chinese zh Simplified Chinese zh-Hans Traditional Chinese zh-Hant Brazilian Portuguese pt-BR American English en-US English en Swedish sv Latin (script) Latn Arabic (language) ar Arabic (script) Arab Includes languages beyond Arabic language, such as Urdu and Persian Cyrillic Cyrl Japanese (script) Jpan Includes Katakana, Hiragana and Kanji Note that we are unable to accept registrations for languages and script codes that are not recognized in the Language Subtag Registry. Common confusion with country codes Country codes may be used, however, as geographic designators (which appear in upper case in language tags). For example, "ja-JP" means "Japanese as used in Japan," and "zh-TW" means "Chinese as used in Taiwan." Use script tags ("Hant," "Hans," etc.) to denote distinctions between writing systems. Last revised 2022-08-04.
http://www.iana.org/dnssec/files | Root Zone Trust Anchor Attestations
https://www.icann.org/privacy/policy | [Redline from the previous version of our Privacy Policy] [PDF, 201 KB] The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN organization) respects the protection and privacy of Personal Information. This policy (Privacy Policy) and the Cookies Policy set out how ICANN organization, which for the purposes of this policy includes its affiliated organization Public Technical Identifiers (PTI) (collectively "we", "us", or "our"), and their managed or sponsored programs, will use and handle electronic information provided by or collected from individuals and what choices individuals have regarding the collection and use of the information. This Privacy Policy applies to all electronic collection and use of Personal Information, including via any mobile version of the websites, mobile applications, electronic mail, and other electronic services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the Platforms). The term "User" or "you" refers to (i) individuals that provide their own Personal Information or Personal Information of others on behalf of such other persons to us and (ii) any organization where a person provides Personal Information of others on behalf of such organization. By using the Platforms, you (including any entity or person on whose behalf you are acting) agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as updated. If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with Personal Information or interact with the Platforms. This Privacy Policy supplements, and does not supersede, any other privacy policy or statement from us relating to any of our unique programs. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our Processing of your Personal Information as the Data Controller, please feel free to contact us at privacy@icann.org. This Privacy Policy covers the following key topics: Definitions Personal Information Collection Use of Personal Information Retention Sharing of Personal Information International Transfers Information Security and Integrity Do Not Track Exercise of Data Subject Rights Minors Revisions to our Privacy Policy Questions "Data Controller" means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Information. "Data Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or any other body which Processes Personal Information on behalf of the Data Controller. "Non-Identifying Information" means information that may relate to an individual but does not by itself identify that individual. For example, Web Information is Non-Identifying Information, as is information such as gender, age, city, and physical location, when not linked with other Personal Information. "Personal Information" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, as defined under applicable law, such as name, home address, telephone number, picture, video recording, or email address. "Platforms" or "Platform" is as defined in our Terms of Service. Personal Information submitted to us: This may be personal contact, identification, and location information, such as name, home or work address, personal or business email address, contact details such as your home, facsimile or mobile phone number, gender, age or date of birth, job title, country of residence, school, affiliation or organization, username, domain name (if personally identifiable), User's photo or image, government issued identification numbers or passport details, or emergency contact details that Users may submit in connection with any of our services or programs, including, for example, public comment submissions, program or service applications, community surveys, email list subscription, general enquiries, event registration, or online meetings. This also includes information provided to us on the Platforms that would constitute personal data under applicable law. Personal Information received from a third party: This may include Personal Information such as name and address for identity verification or to Process a request or an application submitted to us. Financial information: This may include financial account information or financial transaction information when participating in any of our services or programs where such information is requested or generated. Automatically logged use information: The Platforms may automatically record information that is sent by the User's browser or device when accessing and using the Platforms, which can be identifying or non-identifying. This information may include information such as IP address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), date/time stamp, page viewed, operating system, mobile device information, clickstream information, preference information, and other similar information. Cookies and other tracking technologies: Cookies and other user tracking technologies devices may be stored on the User's computer when using the Platforms. For more information on our use of Cookies and other tracking technologies, see our Cookies Policy. You acknowledge the use of such tracking devices as noted in this Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy, and consent to having such tracking devices stored on your computing devices. Recordings, Photographs, and Transcripts: We collect and maintain recordings, photographs, and/or transcripts of public and closed meetings, including through virtual meeting Platforms, which contain your Personal Information if you are a participant. Such recordings, photographs, and transcripts of these meetings are processed based on our legitimate interest of promoting accountability, openness, and transparency. Such recordings, photographs, and transcripts of these meetings, and any Personal Information contained in them, may be publicly accessible. When meetings and sessions are hosted by us and recorded, we will notify you and other participants of the recording before the start of each meeting. When we record a meeting, your Personal Information contained in any recording and related transcript will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Policy does not apply to any meetings using a service that is not provided or supported by us, unless otherwise stated with respect to that service. Please note that individuals that elect to provide, host, or participate in a meeting not using a service not provided or supported by us are solely responsible for ensuring that participants give their informed consent to the recording, and that all legal requirements applicable to the collection, recording, and processing of Personal Information are fully satisfied. This Policy does not apply to any meetings using a service that is not provided or supported by us, unless otherwise stated with respect to that service. Please note that individuals that elect to provide, host, or participate in a meeting not using a service not provided or supported by us are solely responsible for ensuring that participants give their informed consent to the recording, and that all legal requirements applicable to the collection, recording, and processing of Personal Information are fully satisfied. To improve our Platforms' performance, content, and services To perform information analysis, compliance audits, data metrics, develop new services, and protect the Platforms and integrity of any of our services or programs To create anonymized data sets to improve the Platforms' performance or in connection with our services or programs To respond to User questions, comments, inquiries, feedback, including those concerning our services or programs or with respect to services provided by registry operators, accredited registrars, and data escrow agents To assist in policy discussion, development activities, and performance of activities consistent with our functions To administer participation or registration in any of our services, activities, programs, meetings, and Platforms, including sending electronic communications related to such participation or registration, and to manage and report on these participations, interactions and relationships To assist with travel support for participants related to our events To maintain archival records of a User's participation for historical and research purposes, subject to retention limits imposed by applicable laws To process payments and fulfill a transaction between a User and us, if the User submits payment information in connection with any of our services or programs To reimburse expenses related to any of our meetings or other events or programs To perform relevant contractual obligations with the User and other third parties To administer User's application for any of our services or programs To publish a User's Personal Information such as his or her name and organization or affiliate on the Platforms To publish a User's comments or feedback along with a User's name for the benefit of others and otherwise to comply with our accountability and transparency principles To register and provide access to our meetings, which could involve processing of a User's dietary restrictions or disability information for special accommodations To expedite and obtain approval for a User's visa application to attend our meetings To share basic participant information (name, organization, affiliation) or other information the User voluntarily chooses to provide with other participants of the same meeting To provide updates, news and other information regarding our programs, events and service delivery and To provide information or a service requested by the User. Lastly, we will Process Personal Information to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, court orders, and law enforcement requests. We will not use Personal Information for any other purpose other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will use Non-Identifying Information generally for the same purposes as with Personal Information, and to improve User services, store User's Platform preferences, track Platform use trends, improve the Platforms' performance, help maintain personal and device identity verification, Platform security, and measure effectiveness of electronic communications. We will store the User's Personal Information only for as long as is required to fulfill the purposes set out above. However, where we are required by law to retain a User's Personal Information longer or where a User's Personal Information is required for us to assert or defend against legal claims, we will retain the User's Personal Information until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been resolved. We will provide Personal Information to such third parties, government authorities and agencies to: comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal process or enforceable governmental request if permitted or required by law or in response to a law enforcement or other legal request protect our or a third party's legal rights, including the enforcement of terms with Users receive contracted services or use of licensed products from third party providers comply with any court order or legal proceeding comply with our accountability and transparency principles and disclosure policies identify the User to anyone that the User sends a communication through the Platforms effectuate a reorganization or organizational change resulting in the divestiture or transfer of any of our operation, unit, function, or asset to such third party detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud or other criminal activity or errors, security or technical issues or protect against imminent harm to our rights, property, or the safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law. Whenever such transfers are by one of our location in a country outside the United States to another of our location in the United States, they are based on contractual commitments, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses (according to EU Commission Decision 87/2010/EC or any future replacement), or other applicable data transfer arrangements, in order to contractually provide that your Personal Information is subject to adequate levels of data protection. You may request further information concerning such contractual commitments by sending a request to privacy@icann.org. The User is solely responsible for compliance with any information protection or privacy obligations in the User's jurisdiction when using the Platforms or providing us with Personal Information. By submitting Personal Information, the User agrees to such Processing. The Platforms contain links to other third-party websites, which are subject to the respective privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such linked third-party sites, and their owners and operators. The Platforms may contain social media widgets including Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, and other features that may collect a User's Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information and may set Cookies on the User's devices unless the device or browser settings prevent such Cookies from being stored. Such social media widgets and features may be hosted by a third party. We are not responsible for the operation of such widgets and features, and any information collection will be subject to the privacy policy of the provider of such widgets and features, and not this Privacy Policy. Due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot represent, warrant or guarantee that communications stored on our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties, loss, misuse, or alterations. While we will take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of Personal Information received, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OR COMPROMISE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. USERS ARE ADVISED THAT THEY SUBMIT SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION AT THEIR OWN RISK. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe that your Personal Data is not being Processed in accordance with the law, you also may contact or lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or seek other remedies under applicable law. If a User no longer wishes to receive certain electronic communications from us, the User may opt-out from such communication by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of such communication or by accessing any available preference setting functionality in the Platforms. This site uses cookies to deliver an efficient user experience and to help us see how the site is used. Learn more.OK
https://www.ola.pt | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/home.html#search-input | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/home.html | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/cornetto.html | Na verdade, sentimos que o verão acabou de chegar quando saboreamos um inigualável Cornetto! Cada Cornetto leva as tuas papilas gustativas numa viagem deliciosa: desde a tentadora cobertura, passando por um gelado cremoso, pelo cone de bolacha crocante até ao surpreendente pedacinho de chocolate na ponta. Quebra o gelo com Cornetto e partilha momentos de felicidade! #sómaisumcornetto. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/home.html#footer | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/solero.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/calippo.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/viennetta.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/carte-d-or.html | 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/historia.html | Os nossos fundadores tiveram a visão de saber o que todos nós já sabemos: que os gelados fazem as pessoas felizes. Sabiam que a sua magia nos une, e consegue derreter as barreiras entre as pessoas. Acima de tudo eles acreditavam numa coisa, que os gelados devem ser apreciados por todos nós, e não só por alguns. Mais de 50 anos depois, o nosso propósito não mudou. Sabemos que as melhores curvas da vida são os sorrisos e que a Olá deve estar sempre presente nesses momentos. Espalhamos felicidade desde o primeiro dia, mas nunca nos acomodámos, quisemos sempre inspirar através da inovação, e é por isso que ainda não parámos de reinventar sorrisos. É graças a todos eles que entrámos no coração dos Portugueses. Todos nós temos memórias, memórias que por alguma razão não guardamos na cabeça, mas sim, no coração, e o que está por de trás de algo tão simples e precioso? Um simples Olá. Vem connosco e diz Olá ao mundo e à vida!   Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/classicos.html | Descobre aqui os clássicos que tanto adoramos. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sitemap.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/por-favor-recicle.html | Muitos produtos de plástico que existem pelo mundo têm o nosso nome. Nós acreditamos que o plástico que usamos é da nossa responsabilidade, desta forma, comprometemo-nos em remover o plástico das nossas ruas, dos nossos rios e dos nossos oceanos. A nossa visão está focada no trabalho conjunto para garantir que os nossos plásticos sejam reutilizados, reciclados ou compostáveis. Isto garante que o plástico se mantenha dentro de uma economia circular e fora do nosso ambiente. Durante quase 100 anos, defendemos a nossa crença na capacidade mágica de usar os gelados para derreter barreiras e criar união. O plástico é um material valioso, portanto vamos trabalhar juntos para fechar este ciclo. Procura o novo símbolo nas nossas embalagens! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/ola-criancas.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.unilevernotices.com/cookie-notices/portugal-portuguese.html | Tal como muitas empresas, utilizamos no nosso website tecnologia para reunir informação que nos ajuda a melhorar a sua experiência e os nossos produtos e serviços. Os cookies que utilizamos na Unilever permitem o funcionamento do nosso website e ajudam-nos a compreender qual a informação e publicidade que são mais úteis aos nossos visitantes. Por favor dedique uns instantes a conhecer as nossas práticas de cookies e caso tenha quaisquer questões, contacte-nos através de email, ou submetendo um pedido através do formulário “Contacte-nos”. Tentámos manter este Aviso tão simples quanto possível, mas caso não esteja familiarizado com os termos utilizados, tais como cookies, endereços IP, e browsers, então leia primeiro acerca destes conceitos-chave. Este Aviso de Cookies aplica-se a quaisquer websites, apps, páginas de marcas em plataformas de terceiros (tais como o Facebook ou o Youtube), e aplicações acedidas ou utilizadas através de tais websites ou plataformas de terceiros (doravante designados como “os nossos websites”) que operam em nome da Unilever ou em seu nome. Todas as referências neste Aviso à “Unilever” referem-se à UNILEVER FIMA, LDA., a FIMA OLÁ – PRODUTOS ALIMENTARES, S.A., GROP – GELADO RETAIL OPERATION PORTUGAL UNIPESSOAL LDA. e qualquer empresa direta ou indiretamente pertencente e/ou controlada por estas com quem interage ou com quem tem uma relação comercial. Ao utilizar os nossos websites e a permitir o uso de cookies, está a consentir com o nosso uso de cookies de acordo com este Aviso de Cookies e com o nosso Aviso de Privacidade. Caso não concorde com o nosso uso de cookies deste modo, deverá ajustar as definições do seu browser de acordo com as suas preferências, desativando os nossos cookies ou simplesmente não utilizando os nossos websites. Caso desative os cookies que utilizamos, isso poderá ter impacto na sua experiência como utilizador enquanto permanecer nos nossos websites. Uma secção seguinte deste documento sintetiza os diferentes tipos de cookies que utilizamos nos nossos websites, em conjunto com as suas respetivas finalidades, oferecendo-lhe a capacidade de gerir esses cookies. A Unilever irá apenas recolher, utilizar ou divulgar os seus dados pessoais nos casos em que lhe seja lícito fazê-lo, ao abrigo e no estrito cumprimento da lei vigente. Para uma compreensão mais detalhada sobre a nossa utilização dos dados pessoais recolhidos por cookies Unilever, por favor consulte o nosso Aviso de Privacidade. Existem muitos tipos de cookies. Todos eles funcionam do mesmo modo, mas com pequenas diferenças. Para uma lista detalhada dos cookies utilizados nos nossos websites, por favor consulte a secção respetiva mais abaixo. Os cookies que autoriza são também utilizados para recolher os seus dados pessoais, que são posteriormente agrupados em perfis para que possamos distribuir publicidade direcionada adaptada aos seus interesses e limitar o número de vezes que vê um anúncio. Para informação mais detalhada sobre as atividades de definição de perfis conduzidas pela Unilever com os seus dados pessoais para fins publicitários, por favor consulte o nosso Aviso de Privacidade. Também inserimos cookies em emails e newsletters para melhorar o nosso conteúdo e publicidade. Por fim, utilizamos cookies para compilar estatísticas anónimas e agregadas, que nos permitem compreender como as pessoas utilizam os nossos websites, o que nos ajuda a melhorar as suas estruturas e conteúdos, e também nos ajuda a melhorar a eficácia das campanhas publicitárias em websites Unilever e externos à Unilever. Informação mais detalhada sobre os tipos de cookies que utilizamos e para que finalidades pode ser encontrada na secção respetiva mais abaixo. Pode recusar o seu consentimento Pode desativar os cookies Unilever ou de terceiros utilizando as definições do seu browser ou Pode utilizar a nossa ferramenta de gestão de cookies para desativar os cookies Unilever ou de terceiros. Em todo caso, alertamos para o facto de que a desativação dos cookies que utilizamos pode causar impacto na sua experiência no website Unilever, por exemplo poderá ser incapaz de aceder a certas áreas de um website ou poderá não receber informação personalizada quando visitar um website. Caso utilize diferentes dispositivos para ver e aceder ao website Unilever (e.g. o seu computador, smartphone ou tablet) será necessário assegurar que cada browser em cada dispositivo está ajustado às suas preferências em relação aos cookies. Os procedimentos para alterar as suas definições e cookies diferem de browser para browser. Se necessário, utilize a função de ajuda do seu browser ou carregue em um dos seguintes links para ir diretamente para o manual do utilizador do seu browser. Internet Explorer Pode também utilizar www.ghostery.com para avaliar a utilização de cookies utilizados nos nossos websites. Para saber mais sobre cookies, incluindo como ver que cookies foram criados e como os gerir e apagar, visite www.allaboutcookies.org. Controlo através da nossa ferramenta de gestão de cookies Desativando os cookies de monitorização, por exemplo, assegura que a Unilever deixará de monitorizar o seu comportamento online. Contudo, tenha por favor em atenção que desativando esse tipo de cookies não significa necessariamente que irá receber menos publicidade Unilever. Significa apenas que a publicidade que irá receber não será adaptada aos seus interesses. Cookies necessários. Estes cookies não o identificam como indivíduo. Cookies de performance. Estes cookies não o identificam como indivíduo. Cookies Funcionais. A informação que estes cookies recolhem poderá incluir dados pessoais que tenha consentido divulgar. Cookies Direcionados ou de Publicidade. A maioria deste tipo de cookies monitoriza os consumidores através do ID ou endereço IP do seu Dispositivo, e portanto poderão recolher dados pessoais. Cookies de Terceiros. Com base no tipo de cookies utilizados por terceiros, a informação que estes cookies recolhem poderá incluir dados pessoais. Os cookies utilizados nos websites Unilever podem ser genericamente catalogados do seguinte modo: Cookies Necessários. Estes cookies são essenciais para o correto funcionamento dos websites Unilever, permitem-lhe movimentar-se pelos nossos websites e utilizar as nossas funcionalidades. Sem estes cookies, não podemos oferecer serviços como o carrinho de compras. Outros exemplos incluem o memorizar de ações anteriores (e.g. texto inserido) quando retroceder a uma página visitada na mesma sessão. Estes cookies recolhem dados pessoais/podem identificar-me? Estes cookies não o identificam como indivíduo. Caso não aceite estes cookies, poderá desativá-los nos termos já indicados, não obstante tal poder afetar a performance do website, ou de partes do mesmo. Cookies de Desempenho. Estes cookies recolhem informação sobre a sua utilização dos nossos websites, por exemplo que páginas visita com maior frequência, o tempo despendido nos nossos websites, e quaisquer problemas detetados, tais como mensagens de erro. Estes cookies são também utilizados para dar a conhecer aos nossos afiliados se a sua visita ao nosso website foi proveniente de um afiliado e se a sua visita resultou na utilização ou compra de um produto ou serviço nosso, incluindo detalhes do produto ou serviço adquirido. Isto ajuda-nos a melhorar o desempenho dos nossos websites. Estes cookies recolhem dados pessoais/podem identificar-me? Estes cookies não o identificam como indivíduo. Toda a informação recolhida por estes cookies é agregada e portanto anónima. É apenas utilizada para melhorar o funcionamento do website. Caso não aceite estes cookies, poderá desativá-los nos termos já indicados, não obstante tal poder afetar a performance do website, ou de partes do mesmo. Cookies de Funcionalidade. Estes cookies permitem que os nossos websites memorizem as escolhas que faz (tais como o seu nome de utilizador, idioma ou a região em que se encontra) para fornecer uma experiência online mais personalizada. Estes cookies podem ser também utilizados para memorizar alterações que tenha efetuado ao tamanho do texto, à fonte de texto utilizada e outros elementos personalizáveis das páginas web. Do mesmo modo, poderão ser utilizados para manter um registo dos produtos ou vídeos em destaque que foram anteriormente visualizados e evitar repetições, e para permitir-lhe jogar e utilizar ferramentas sociais, tais como blogs, salas de chat e fóruns. Estes cookies recolhem dados pessoais/podem identificar-me? A informação que estes cookies recolhem pode incluir dados pessoais que tenha consentido divulgar. Caso não aceite estes cookies, poderá desativá-los nos termos já indicados, não obstante tal poder afetar a performance e a funcionalidade do website e restringir o seu acesso a algum conteúdo do website. Cookies Direcionados ou de Publicidades. Estes cookies são utilizados para fornecer conteúdo que seja mais relevante para si e aos seus interesses. São também utilizados para fornecer publicidade direcionada ou limitar o número de vezes que visualiza um anúncio, bem como para ajudar a avaliar a eficácia das campanhas publicitárias tanto em sites Unilever como externos à Unilever. Eles lembram-se se visitou anteriormente os nossos websites e esta informação é partilhada com terceiros, incluindo publicitários e as nossas agências. Estes cookies poderão estar também ligados a funcionalidades do website fornecidas por terceiros. Estes cookies recolhem dados pessoais/podem identificar-me? A maioria deste tipo de cookies monitoriza os consumidores através do ID ou endereço IP do seu Dispositivo, e portanto poderão recolher dados pessoais. Caso não aceite estes cookies, poderá desativá-los nos termos já indicados. Cookies de Terceiros. Temos vários parceiros que poderão também colocar cookies no seu dispositivo em nosso nome quando visita os nossos websites para lhes permitir fornecer publicidade Unilever personalizada nos seus domínios, como por exemplo Facebook e Google DoubleClick. Esforçamo-nos por identificar estes cookies antes de serem utilizados para que possa decidir se os pretende aceitar ou não. Utilizamos também vários parceiros para fornecer experiências digitais e funcionalidades nos nossos websites. Por exemplo, enquanto navega nos websites Unilever poderá receber cookies de terceiros que oferecem algumas das suas funcionalidades nos nossos websites (e.g., um vídeo proveniente do Youtube), embora tenha retirado ou recusado o seu consentimento para utilizar os nossos próprios cookies. Isto ocorre quando tenha dado o seu consentimento direto para utilizar esses cookies de terceiros. Nesses casos, deverá retirar diretamente o seu consentimento nos websites dos terceiros respetivos. Estes cookies recolhem dados pessoais/podem identificar-me? Com base no tipo de cookies utilizado pelos terceiros respetivos, a informação recolhida por esses cookies poderá incluir dados pessoais. Caso não aceite estes cookies, poderá desativá-los nos termos já indicados. Duração dos cookies que utilizamos Cookies de Sessão. Estes cookies são temporários e permanecem no seu dispositivo até que deixe os nossos websites, ou Cookies Permanentes. Estes cookies permanecem no seu dispositivo durante muito mais tempo ou até que os apague manualmente (o tempo de permanência de um cookie no seu dispositivo irá depender da duração ou “tempo de vida” do cookie específico, bem como das definições do seu browser, como descrito abaixo). Last updated April 2019  Last updated April 2019
https://www.unilever-fima.com/ | Pesquisar  Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn Contacte-nos © Unilever 2024
https://www.unilever-fima.com/legal/ | Pesquisar Quaisquer referências a sociedades do grupo da Unilever FIMA, Lda. incluem todos os membros do Grupo Unilever*. Os utilizadores são autorizados a navegar nesta página de internet e a reproduzir extratos da mesma através de impressão, download e distribuição a outras pessoas. Contudo, em todos os casos, apenas estão autorizados a fazê-lo para finalidades não-comerciais, meramente para informação e utilização pessoal. Nenhuma reprodução, parcial ou total, desta página de internet poderá ser vendida ou distribuída para finalidades comerciais nem poderá ser modificada ou incorporada noutra obra, publicação ou página de internet, seja através de cópia física ou em formato eletrónico, incluindo a publicação noutra página de internet. Não é atribuída qualquer licença ou direito sobre o conteúdo desta página. Marcas Disponibilidade de produtos Valores mobiliários Conteúdo Nem a Unilever FIMA, Lda., nem qualquer sociedade do seu grupo nem os seus gerentes, administradores, trabalhadores ou representantes serão responsáveis por quaisquer perdas, danos ou custos decorrentes do acesso ou utilização desta página de internet ou qualquer página para a qual esta remeta, incluindo, sem limitação, quaisquer lucros cessantes, custos indiretos, incidentais ou consequenciais. Quaisquer comentários, sugestões, gráficos, ideias (incluindo ideias para publicidade de produtos), e qualquer outra informação ou materiais que o utilizador submeta à Unilever FIMA através desta página de internet tornar-se-ão e permanecerão propriedade da Unilever FIMA, incluindo quaisquer direitos futuros associados a tais submissões, mesmo que os presentes termos e condições venham a ser alterados ou extintos. Isto significa que o utilizador renuncia à propriedade ou titularidade de quaisquer direitos sobre tais submissões, e reconhece que a Unilever FIMA tem o direito irrestrito de utilizar tais submissões (ou os materiais e ideias semelhantes) através de qualquer meio, presente ou futuro, sem qualquer necessidade de notificar, compensar ou com qualquer outra obrigação perante o utilizar ou qualquer terceiro. Tal significa ainda que a Unilever FIMA não tem qualquer obrigação de manter a confidencialidade sobre as submissões. Reservamo-nos o direito de realizar quaisquer alterações ou correções à presente página de internet quando e da forma que consideremos apropriado, sem necessidade de pré-aviso. Avisos limitados Embora pretendamos que estas páginas de internet sejam do seu interesse, a Unilever FIMA e as outras empresas do seu grupo não assumem qualquer responsabilidade de qualquer natureza por estas páginas ou a informação nas mesmas contida, não tendo as mesmas sido verificadas ou apoiadas pela Unilever FIMA ou outras empresas do seu grupo. Se, em qualquer momento, verificar que acedeu a outra página através do nosso site, pode voltar para a nossa página de internet clicando na seta “atrás” no seu navegador de internet, ou inserindo o endereço da página de internet da Unilever FIMA. * Por sociedade do Grupo Unilever deve entender-se qualquer sociedade na qual a Unilever PLC detenha, direta ou indiretamente uma participação maioritária no capital social na qual seja titular, direta ou indireta, de mais de metade dos votos ou na qual tenha o direito de designar mais de metade dos membros do órgão de administração e do órgão de fiscalização. Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn Contacte-nos © Unilever 2024
https://www.ola.pt/home.html#search-input | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.unilevernotices.com/privacy-notices/portugal-portuguese.html | Ao ler o nosso Aviso, por favor tenha em conta que o mesmo se aplica à UNILEVER FIMA, LDA., com o NIPC 503933139, à FIMA OLÁ – PRODUTOS ALIMENTARES, S.A., com o NIPC 500116270, e à GROP – GELADO RETAIL OPERATION PORTUGAL UNIPESSOAL LDA., com NIPC 514713070. Por favor dedique alguns instantes a conhecer as nossas práticas de privacidade e, caso tenha quaisquer questões, contacte-nos através de email, ou submeta-nos um pedido através do formulário “Contacte-nos” disponível nos nossos websites. Tentámos manter este Aviso tão simples quanto possível, mas caso não esteja familiarizado com os termos utilizados, tais como cookies, endereços IP, e browsers, então leia primeiro e entenda estes conceitos-chave. Você tem o direito de se opor ao tratamento dos seus dados pessoais, incluindo a utilização dos seus dados pessoais para marketing direto. Veja aqui quais são os seus direitos e como os pode exercer. Este Aviso de Privacidade aplica-se aos dados pessoais recolhidos e tratados pela Unilever em relação aos serviços e produtos que oferecemos. Todas as referências a “Unilever” neste Aviso dirão respeito às sociedades UNILEVER FIMA, LDA., FIMA OLÁ – PRODUTOS ALIMENTARES, S.A., GROP – GELADO RETAIL OPERATION PORTUGAL UNIPESSOAL LDA., e a qualquer empresa direta ou indiretamente pertencente e/ou controlada por estas com quem interage ou com quem tem uma relação comercial. Este Aviso de Privacidade também se aplica ao conteúdo de marketing da Unilever, incluindo ofertas e publicidade a produtos e serviços Unilever, que nós (ou um fornecedor de serviços atuando em nosso nome) lhe apresentamos em websites, plataformas e aplicações de terceiros com base na sua informação de utilização do nosso site. Estes websites de terceiros terão geralmente os seus próprios Avisos e Termos e Condições de Privacidade. Recomendamos que os leia antes de utilizar esses websites. Não é obrigado a fornecer à Unilever os dados pessoais que esta solicita mas, caso escolha não o fazer, poderemos não conseguir oferecer-lhe os nossos produtos e serviços, ou um serviço de alta qualidade ou responder a alguma questão que possa ter. Poderemos recolher dados pessoais de variadas fontes. Estas incluem: Dados pessoais que nos fornece diretamente, Dados pessoais que recolhemos automaticamente, e Dados pessoais que recolhemos de outras fontes. Dados pessoais significa qualquer informação relativa a uma pessoa singular identificada ou identificável (“titular dos dados”). É considerada identificável uma pessoa singular que possa ser identificada, direta ou indiretamente, em especial por referência a um identificador, como por exemplo um nome, um número de identificação, dados de localização, identificadores por via eletrónica ou a um ou mais elementos específicos da identidade física, fisiológica, genética, mental, económica, cultural ou social dessa pessoa singular. Como tal, esta definição inclui dados pessoais recolhidos offline através dos nossos Centros de Atendimento ao Consumidor, campanhas de marketing direto, concursos e sorteios, e recolhidos online através dos nossos websites, aplicações e páginas de marcas em plataformas de terceiros e aplicações acedidas ou utilizadas através de plataformas de terceiros. Poderão ser-lhe solicitados os seus dados pessoais quando entrar em contacto connosco. A UNILEVER FIMA, LDA. poderá partilhar os seus dados pessoais com as sociedades do seu grupo ou outras sociedades do Grupo Unilever e utilizá-los de acordo com este Aviso de Privacidade. Poderemos também associar estes dados com outra informação para melhorar os nossos produtos, serviços, conteúdo e publicidade. Não é obrigado a fornecer à Unilever os dados pessoais que solicitamos mas, caso escolha não o fazer, poderemos não conseguir oferecer-lhe os nossos produtos e serviços, ou um serviço de alta qualidade ou responder a alguma questão que possa ter.  Modos que utilizamos para recolher os seus dados pessoais Dados pessoais que nos fornece diretamente. Recolhemos informação sobre a sua utilização dos nossos serviços e produtos, tais como o tipo de conteúdo que visualiza ou com o qual interage, ou a frequência e duração das suas atividades. Recolhemos também dados pessoais que nos fornece quando subscreve uma newsletter publicitária, preenche um inquérito ou regista uma conta para comprar os nossos produtos. Nestas ações poderemos solicitar alguns dos seus dados pessoais, tais como o seu nome, género, data de nascimento, morada, endereço eletrónico, número de telefone ou detalhes do cartão de crédito. Algumas marcas Unilever poderão recolher “categorias especiais de dados pessoais” sobre si com o seu consentimento explícito. Para saber mais sobre as categorias especiais de dados que recolhemos e como os utilizamos, por favor consulte a secção respetiva mais abaixo. Dados pessoais que recolhemos automaticamente. Recolhemos e guardamos também certos tipos de dados pessois sempre que interage connosco online. Por exemplo, utilizamos cookies e tecnologias de monitorização (para saber mais, consulte os nossos conceitos-chave de privacidade bem como o nosso Aviso de Cookies) para obter dados pessoais sempre que o seu navegador de internet acede aos nossos websites ou publicidades e a outros conteúdos oferecidos pela Unilever ou em seu nome em outros websites. Os seus dados pessoais são também recolhidos quando pesquisa, compra, publica, participa num sorteio ou questionário ou comunica com as nossas equipas de apoio ao consumidor. Exemplos dos tipos de dados pessoais que recolhemos incluem endereço IP (para saber mais, consulte os nossos conceitos-chave de privacidade), ID do Dispositivo, dados de localização, informações sobre o computador e a ligação tais como o tipo e versão de browser, definições de fuso horário, tipos e versões de plug-ins utilizadas pelo browser, sistema operativo, e histórico de compras, que a Unilever por vezes agrega com informação similar de outros consumidores. Durante parte da sua navegação nos websites Unilever poderemos também utilizar ferramentas de software para medir e recolher informações sobre a sessão, incluindo tempos de resposta das páginas, erros de download, duração da visita a certas páginas, informação relativa à sua interação com elas, e os métodos utilizados para sair das mesmas. Poderemos também recolher informação técnica para nos ajudar a identificar o seu dispositivo para fins de prevenção à fraude e de diagnóstico. Dados pessoais que recolhemos de outras fontes. Recolhemos dados pessoais de outras fontes, incluindo de terceiros com quem tenhamos parcerias de confiança e em plataformas de terceiros onde operamos contas Unilever. Por exemplo, quando usa a funcionalidade de “gosto” no Facebook ou a funcionalidade “+1” no Google+. Além disso, recebemos informação sobre a sua interação, bem como a de outros utilizadores, com a nossa publicidade para aferir se esta é relevante e bem sucedida. Recolhemos também informação sobre si e as suas atividades desde terceiros, nos casos em que ofereçamos serviços ou produtos em conjunto, ou de fornecedores de dados enriquecidos externos (para saber mais, consulte os nossos conceitos-chave de privacidade) que poderão oferecer à Unilever uma visão diferente sobre os dados pessoais que detemos. Quando e como recolhemos “categorias especiais de dados pessoais” Limitamos tanto quanto possível as circunstâncias em que recolhemos e tratamos estas categorias especiais de dados. A Unilever por vezes recolhe dados relativos à sua saúde, tais como alergias, estado da gravidez ou o tipo de pele para lhe apresentar publicidade e promoções relevantes. A Unilever apenas recolhe e utiliza estes dados pessoais em situações onde nos tenha dado o seu consentimento para o fazer. Em alguns casos, poderá ter-nos solicitado serviços ou produtos que não envolvem diretamente a recolha de quaisquer categorias especiais de dados, mas que poderão insinuar ou sugerir a sua religião, estado de saúde ou outras categorias especiais de dados. Para exemplificar circunstâncias nas quais a Unilever recolhe e processa categorias especiais de dados, apresentamos os exemplos seguintes: A Unilever recolhe as datas de parto previstas de futuras mães nas páginas de inscrição das newsletters Zwitsal ou Baby Dove. Poderá também colocar cookies na página de inscrição que capturem igualmente esta informação. Estes dados são posteriormente utilizados para criar um grupo de mães expectantes que recebe publicidade online de marcas Unilever relevantes. Para saber mais sobre as atividades de definição de perfis da Unilever, consulte por favor a secção relativa Como protegemos a privacidade das crianças? A maioria dos websites Unilever são desenhados e destinados ao uso por adultos. Nos casos em que algum dos nossos websites seja destinado a ser utilizado por uma audiência mais jovem, obter-se-á o consentimento da pessoa com responsabilidade parental nos casos em que tal se mostre necessário, no estrito cumprimento pelas leis e regulamentos aplicáveis (sendo qye, nos termos do RGPD, sempre a criança tenha menos de 16 anos, o tratamento só lícito se e na medida em que o consentimento seja dado ou autorizado pelos titulares das responsabilidades parentais). Se for uma criança com menos de 16 anos, deverá rever os termos deste Aviso de Privacidade com os titulares das responsabilidades parentais para assegurar que os compreende e aceita. Caso seja do nosso conhecimento que recolhemos dados pessoais de uma criança sem o consentimento dos titulares das responsabilidades parentais em casos onde este deveria ter sido obtido, iremos apagar esses dados pessoais assim que seja possível. O acesso a certas partes dos websites Unilever e/ou a elegibilidade para receber prémios, amostras e outras recompensas é geralmente limitado a utilizadores acima de uma certa idade. Por vezes utilizamos os seus dados pessoais para efetuar verificações de idade e fazer cumprir quaisquer restrições etárias. Criamos também perfis através da análise da informação sobre a sua navegação online, as pesquisas e hábitos de compra, e as suas interações com as comunicações das nossas marcas, através da construção de segmentos (criação de grupos que partilham características comuns) e colocação dos seus dados pessoais em um ou mais desses segmentos. Além disso, a Unilever processa os seus dados pessoais utilizando também meios automatizados. Uma decisão automatizada é uma decisão tomada em exclusivo por meios automáticos, onde nenhum humano está envolvido no processo de decisão que envolve os seus dados pessoais.  Nós recolhemos, tratamos e divulgamos os seus dados pessoais para as finalidades seguintes: Para processar os seus pagamentos, caso adquira os nossos produtos, para lhe permitir aceder ao estado da sua encomenda, lidar com as suas questões e pedidos, e avaliar e lidar com quaisquer reclamações Para processar e responder às suas solicitações ou para o contactar para responder às suas questões e/ou pedidos Para desenvolver e melhorar os nossos produtos, serviços, métodos de comunicação e a funcionalidade dos nossos websites Para fins de concursos ou promoções em que tenha participado Onde apropriado, iremos pedir o seu consentimento para processar os seus dados pessoais. Onde tiver fornecido o seu consentimento para as atividades de tratamento, terá o direito de retirar o seu consentimento em qualquer altura. Muitos são os casos em que existe um interesse legítimo para tratar os seus dados pessoais. Um interesse legítimo pode existir, por exemplo, quando subscreve um programa de fidelização de uma das nossas marcas e utilizamos os dados pessoais recolhidos para conduzir análises de dados para melhorar os nossos produtos e serviços. Este motivo será apenas utilizado onde seja necessário para alcançar um legítimo interesse, por exemplo para auxiliar a execução de um contrato, ou para otimizar um serviço, e não compromete os seus direitos como indivíduo. Esta base legal será apenas utilizada onde não exista um modo menos intrusivo de tratar os seus dados pessoais. Podemos assegurar que se o interesse legítimo for utilizado como motivo para tratar os seus dados pessoais, iremos manter um registo dessa ação e terá o direito de solicitar essa informação. Tratamos também os seus dados pessoais para executar um contrato no qual é ou venha a ser parte. Por exemplo, necessitamos de tratar os seus dados pessoais para entregar um produto ou um serviço que tenha adquirido, para lhe permitir participar num dos nossos concursos, ou para lhe enviar amostras que tenha solicitado. Tratamos ainda os seus dados pessoais quando necessário ao cumprimento de uma obrigação jurídica (por exemplo, uma obrigação fiscal ou de segurança social) que nos obriga a processar os seus dados. A título de exemplo, será o caso quando estejamos perante uma ordem judicial que exija o tratamento dos seus dados pessoais para uma finalidade específica, ou quando sejamos obrigados a processar dados pessoais para denunciar transações suspeitas segundo as regras de combate ao branqueamento de capitais.  Definição de perfis Pode em qualquer momento retirar o seu consentimento para impedir a utilização dos seus dados pessoais deste modo, utilizando a secção gerir cookies do nosso Aviso de Cookies ou cancelando a subscrição para a utilização do seu endereço de email caso se tenha registado num dos nossos websites ou subscrito alguma newsletter publicitária. A título de exemplo – A Unilever recolhe dados, com o seu consentimento, desde: Os nossos websites de acordo com aquilo que visualiza e o modo como interage com o nosso conteúdo   A nossa publicidade digital que apresentamos em plataformas sociais e outros websites e   Formulários que preencha online e nos envie com os seus interesses. Monitorizamos também os produtos que compra quando clica num dos nossos anúncios publicitários e avança até adquirir um produto de um dos nossos parceiros. Os nossos websites de acordo com aquilo que visualiza e o modo como interage com o nosso conteúdo   A nossa publicidade digital que apresentamos em plataformas sociais e outros websites e   Formulários que preencha online e nos envie com os seus interesses. Tomada de decisões automatizada A Unilever utiliza simulações de jogo de avaliações comportamentais baseadas em meios científicos e técnicas de ciência de dados para avaliar potenciais funcionários. Os candidatos são obrigados a jogar um conjunto de jogos e os padrões comportamentais exibidos durante o jogo são avaliados por um algoritmo personalizado da Unilever para prever o potencial do candidato para uma função específica. Este algoritmo é testado com regularidade para assegurar que permanece justo, eficaz e imparcial. Você tem o direito de não ser sujeito a uma decisão que é unicamente baseada em tratamentos automatizados e que produz efeitos legais ou outros efeitos significantes que o afetam. Em particular, você tem o direito: a obter intervenção humana a exprimir o seu ponto de vista a obter uma explicação sobre a decisão obtida após uma avaliação e a contestar tal decisão. Fornecedores de serviços externos. De modo a realizar os seus pedidos, responder às suas solicitações, responder às suas questões, atender aos seus pedidos, honrar cupões, fornecer-lhe amostras, permitir-lhe participar em sorteios ou colocar ao seu dispôr várias outras características, serviços e materiais através dos nossos websites, partilhamos os seus dados pessoais com fornecedores de serviços externos que desempenham funções em nosso nome, tais como empresas que albergam ou operam websites Unilever, processam pagamentos, analisam dados, prestam serviços ao cliente, serviços postais ou de entregas, e patrocinadores ou outros terceiros que participam ou administram as nossas promoções. Eles têm acesso aos dados pessoais necessários para executarem as suas funções mas não os poderão utilizar para outras finalidades. Além disso, eles devem processar estes dados pessoais em conformidade com este Aviso de Privacidade e do modo que é permitido pelas leis e regulamentos de proteção de dados aplicáveis. Outros terceiros. Os seus dados pessoais serão também utilizados por nós ou partilhados com os nossos patrocinadores, anunciantes, redes publicitárias, servidores publicitários, redes sociais, e companhias de estudos analíticos ou outros terceiros relacionados com ofertas de marketing, promocionais, enriquecimento de dados (para saber mais, consulte os nossos conceitos-chave de privacidade) e outras ofertas, bem como informação de produto. Transmissões de estabelecimentos. Os seus dados pessoais serão utilizados por nós ou partilhados com o Grupo Unilever, principalmente para fins comerciais e operacionais. À medida que o Grupo Unilever continua a desenvolver o negócio, pode vender ou adquirir ativos, subsidiárias ou unidades comerciais. Neste tipo de transação, os seus dados pessoais são geralmente um dos ativos comerciais transferidos, mas mantendo-se sujeitos às garantias prestadas em qualquer Aviso de Privacidade pré-existente (exceto, é claro, caso tenha consentido noutro sentido). Se outra entidade nos adquirir, os nossos negócios, todos ou uma parte substancial dos nossos ativos, ou ativos relacionados com os websites Unilever, os seus dados pessoais serão divulgados a essa mesma entidade como parte do processo de auditoria legal e serão transferidos para essa entidade como um dos ativos transferidos. Além disso, caso algum processo de insolvência ou reorganização ocorra ou nos seja imposto, todos os seus dados pessoais serão considerados como um ativos que nos pertence e como tal é possível que sejam vendidos ou transferidos para terceiros. Divulgação legal. Poderemos transferir e divulgar os seus dados pessoais a terceiros: Para cumprir com uma obrigação legal Quando acreditamos de boa fé que uma lei aplicável o exige A pedido de autoridades governamentais no âmbito de qualquer inquérito Para verificar ou fazer cumprir os nossos “Termos de Utilização” ou outras normas aplicáveis Para deteção e proteção contra a fraude, ou quaisquer vulnerabilidades técnicas ou de segurança Para responder a uma emergência ou por qualquer outra forma Para proteger os direitos, propriedade, garantias, ou segurança de terceiros, visitantes dos websites Unilever, da Unilever ou do público. Para cumprir com uma obrigação legal Quando acreditamos de boa fé que uma lei aplicável o exige A pedido de autoridades governamentais no âmbito de qualquer inquérito Para verificar ou fazer cumprir os nossos “Termos de Utilização” ou outras normas aplicáveis Para deteção e proteção contra a fraude, ou quaisquer vulnerabilidades técnicas ou de segurança Para responder a uma emergência ou por qualquer outra forma Para proteger os direitos, propriedade, garantias, ou segurança de terceiros, visitantes dos websites Unilever, da Unilever ou do público. Transferências internacionais de dados A Unilever apenas enviará dados pessoais recolhidos no interior do Espaço Económico Europeu (EEE) a países estrangeiros nas seguintes circunstências: Para seguir as suas instruções Para cumprir com um dever legal ou Para trabalhar com agentes e consultores que nos ajudam a administrar os nossos negócios e serviços. Transferência para um país não pertencente à EEE cuja legislação de privacidade assegura um nível adequado de proteção de dados pessoais semelhante aos existentes na EEE Implementação de um contrato com a entidade estrangeira que a obrigue a proteger os dados pessoais de acordo com os mesmos padrões utilizados na EEE ou Transferência de dados pessoais para organizações com acordos específicos de transferência de dados internacionais com a União Europeia (e.g., a Privacy Shield, uma estrutura que define padrões de privacidade para dados partilhados entre os Estados Unidos e os países Europeus ou enquadramentos semelhantes). As nossas medidas incluem a implementação de controlos de acesso apropriados, investindo na mais recente Capacidade de Segurança da Informação para proteger os nossos ambientes informáticos, e assegurando que encriptamos, pseudonimizamos e anonimizamos dados pessoais sempre que possível. O acesso aos seus dados pessoais é apenas permitido entre os nossos funcionários e agentes em função da necessidade de conhecimento e sujeito a rigorosas obrigações contratuais de confidencialidade quando processados por terceiros. Os seus dados poderão também ser guardados para que possamos continuar a melhorar a sua experiência connosco e assegurar que recebe quaisquer prémios de lealdade a que tenha direito. Guardamos os dados identificáveis que recolhemos diretamente para fins específicos, durante o mínimo tempo possível, após o qual tomaremos medidas para os apagar definitivamente. Reveremos ativamente os dados pessoais que detemos e apagá-los-emos de modo seguro, ou em alguns casos anonimizá-los-emos, quando cessar a obrigação legal, comercial ou do consumidor para que sejam mantidos.  Nos casos em que tratamos os seus dados pessoais tem vários direitos sobre o modo como os dados são tratados, e pode exercer esses direitos a qualquer momento. Fornecemos abaixo uma visão geral desses direitos – juntamente com aquilo que implicam para si. Pode exercer os seus direitos enviando-nos um email ou submetendo um pedido através do nosso formulário “Contacte-nos” disponível nos nossos websites. O direito à informação. O titular dos dados tem direito a que lhe seja concedida informação concisa, transparente, compreensível e de fácil acesso, utlizando uma lignuagem clara e simples, sobre o modo como utilizamos os seus dados pessoais e sobre os seus direitos. Nestes termos, apresentamos essa informação neste Aviso. obter intervenção humana expressar o seu ponto de vista obter uma justificação da decisão obtida após uma avaliação e e contestar tal decisão. Caso tenha quaisquer questões ou preocupações sobre o Aviso de Privacidade Unilever ou o tratamento de dados ou deseje apresentar uma reclamação sobre uma possível violação das leis de privacidade, por favor contacte-nos através de email ou submetendo um pedido através do nosso formulário “Contacte-nos” disponível nos nossos websites. Quando é recebida uma dúvida de privacidade ou pedido de acesso temos uma equipa dedicada que efetua a triagem dos contactos e procura responder à questão ou dúvida específica levantada. Caso a sua questão tenha uma natureza mais específica, iremos procurar mais informação para lhe dar. Todos estes contactos relevantes receberão uma resposta. Caso esteja insatisfeito com a resposta recebida, poderá dirigir a sua reclamação à Autoridade de Controlo respetiva do seu País. Caso nos dirija uma questão, iremos efetuar os esforços possíveis para lhe fornecer a informação sobre as vias de reclamação respetivas que possam ser aplicáveis às suas circunstâncias. Não reduziremos os seus direitos sob este Aviso de Privacidade sem o seu consentimento.  Termos ou Avisos Adicionais de Privacidade  Last updated April 2019
https://www.ola.pt/localizacao.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/cornetto.html | Na verdade, sentimos que o verão acabou de chegar quando saboreamos um inigualável Cornetto! Cada Cornetto leva as tuas papilas gustativas numa viagem deliciosa: desde a tentadora cobertura, passando por um gelado cremoso, pelo cone de bolacha crocante até ao surpreendente pedacinho de chocolate na ponta. Quebra o gelo com Cornetto e partilha momentos de felicidade! #sómaisumcornetto. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-cornetto-caramello.html/08711327535985 | Ingredientes: LEITE pasteurizado (22%), água, açúcar, farinha de TRIGO, xarope de glicose e frutose, gordura de coco, xarope de glicose, xarope de açúcar caramelizado (4%), óleo de girassol, LEITE magro em pó ou concentrado, NATAS (1,5%), cacau magro em pó, MANTEIGA, emulsionantes (lecitinas, mono e diglicéridos de ácidos gordos, fosfatídeos de amónio), amido de batata, manteiga de cacau, espessantes (alginato de sódio, farinha de sementes de alfarroba, goma arábica), sal, LEITE em pó, LEITE magro concentrado açúcarado, pasta de cacau, aromas, LACTOSE, LACTOSE e proteínas lácteas (LEITE), aroma natural de baunilha (contém LEITE), mel, levedante (hidrogenocarbonato de sódio). Pode conter: Avelãs, soja. Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/cornetto-tips.html/08711327506831 | Contém Trigo Pode conter: Leite, frutos de casca rija (amêndoas, avelãs, pistácios, noz pecan), ovo. Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/solero.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/home.html | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-cornetto-miniaturas-cl%C3%A1ssico.html/08711327488694 | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/solero.html#footer | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/cornetto-soft-xl-morango.html/08711327489349 | Contém leite e derivados Trigo Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/solero.html#search-input | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/cornetto-filipinos-chocolate-branco.html/08711327597716 | Contém leite e derivados Trigo Avelãs e soja Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-cornetto-filipinos.html/08711327597761 | Contém leite e derivados Trigo Soja Pode conter: Cevada, centeio, aveia, ovo, avelãs e mostarda. Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/carte-d%C2%B4or-solero.html/08711327541443/carte-dor | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/solero.html#main-content | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/solero-ex%C3%B3tico.html/08712100889233 | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-solero-ex%C3%B3tico.html/08712100889288 | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/calippo.html#main-content | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/calippo.html#footer | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/solero-barrinha-de-manga.html/08711327543072 | Contém leite e derivados. Pode conter: Ovos, amendoins, soja e frutos de casca rija. Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-solero-frutos-vermelhos.html/08711327326750 | Pode conter amêndoas Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/calippo.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/viennetta.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/calippo.html#search-input | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-calippo-strawberry.html/08722700231974 | Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/contato.html | Por isso, se tiveres uma questão ou gostarias de saber mais informações sobre os produtos da Olá, entra em contacto connosco, usando os meios abaixo.  Largo Monterroio Mascarenhas 1 1099-081 Lisboa Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/viennetta.html#footer | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/viennetta.html#main-content | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/viennetta-baunilha.html/08000920200025 | MAY CONTAIN: Soybeans and their derivatives CONTAINS: Milk and it's derivatives Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-calippo-supermix.html/08712566108626 | Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/carte-d-or.html | 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/calippo-lim%C3%A3o.html/08000920401187 | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/viennetta-salted-caramel.html/08711327591011 | Ingredientes: LEITE magro reconstituído, gordura de coco, água, açúcar, xarope de glicose e frutose, xarope de glicose, xarope de açúcar caramelizado, LACTOSE e proteínas lácteas (LEITE), manteiga de cacau, aromas (contém: LEITE, CEVADA), emulsionantes (mono e diglicéridos de ácidos gordos, ésteres cítricos de mono e diglicéridos de ácidos gordos, lecitina de SOJA), sal marinho, LEITE em pó, espessantes (farinha de sementes de alfarroba, goma de guar, goma de tara, carragenina), pasta de cacau. Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-calippo-cola.html/08722700231998 | Pode conter: Leite. Isento de glúten Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/viennetta-chocolate.html/08000920200087 | MAY CONTAIN: Nuts and their derivatives, Peanuts and their derivatives CONTAINS: Milk and it's derivatives Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/carte-d-or.html#search-input | 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/viennetta.html#search-input | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/carte-d-or.html#main-content | 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/viennetta-morango.html/08712100323140 | Contém leite e derivados Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/carte-d-or/receitas.html | 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos 4 pessos fácil 10 min 0 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 35 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos fácil 10 min 0 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/carte-d-or.html#footer | 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/carte-d-or/os-nossos-produtos.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/historia.html#main-content | Os nossos fundadores tiveram a visão de saber o que todos nós já sabemos: que os gelados fazem as pessoas felizes. Sabiam que a sua magia nos une, e consegue derreter as barreiras entre as pessoas. Acima de tudo eles acreditavam numa coisa, que os gelados devem ser apreciados por todos nós, e não só por alguns. Mais de 50 anos depois, o nosso propósito não mudou. Sabemos que as melhores curvas da vida são os sorrisos e que a Olá deve estar sempre presente nesses momentos. Espalhamos felicidade desde o primeiro dia, mas nunca nos acomodámos, quisemos sempre inspirar através da inovação, e é por isso que ainda não parámos de reinventar sorrisos. É graças a todos eles que entrámos no coração dos Portugueses. Todos nós temos memórias, memórias que por alguma razão não guardamos na cabeça, mas sim, no coração, e o que está por de trás de algo tão simples e precioso? Um simples Olá. Vem connosco e diz Olá ao mundo e à vida!   Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/historia.html#search-input | Os nossos fundadores tiveram a visão de saber o que todos nós já sabemos: que os gelados fazem as pessoas felizes. Sabiam que a sua magia nos une, e consegue derreter as barreiras entre as pessoas. Acima de tudo eles acreditavam numa coisa, que os gelados devem ser apreciados por todos nós, e não só por alguns. Mais de 50 anos depois, o nosso propósito não mudou. Sabemos que as melhores curvas da vida são os sorrisos e que a Olá deve estar sempre presente nesses momentos. Espalhamos felicidade desde o primeiro dia, mas nunca nos acomodámos, quisemos sempre inspirar através da inovação, e é por isso que ainda não parámos de reinventar sorrisos. É graças a todos eles que entrámos no coração dos Portugueses. Todos nós temos memórias, memórias que por alguma razão não guardamos na cabeça, mas sim, no coração, e o que está por de trás de algo tão simples e precioso? Um simples Olá. Vem connosco e diz Olá ao mundo e à vida!   Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas.html#footer | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/r/fraise-vacherin.html/159134 | 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos 4 pessos fácil 10 min 0 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/r/brownie-de-chocolate.html/159927 | 4 pessos fácil 10 min 0 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 45 min 10 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas.html#search-input | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/r/dacquoise-de-chocolate.html/159926 | 4 pessos fácil,muito difícil 10 min 0 min pessos 4 pessos fácil 10 min 0 min pessos 4 pessos dificuldade média 60 min 12 min pessos pessos Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/classicos.html | Descobre aqui os clássicos que tanto adoramos. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/marcas/classicos.html#footer | Descobre aqui os clássicos que tanto adoramos. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/historia.html#footer | Os nossos fundadores tiveram a visão de saber o que todos nós já sabemos: que os gelados fazem as pessoas felizes. Sabiam que a sua magia nos une, e consegue derreter as barreiras entre as pessoas. Acima de tudo eles acreditavam numa coisa, que os gelados devem ser apreciados por todos nós, e não só por alguns. Mais de 50 anos depois, o nosso propósito não mudou. Sabemos que as melhores curvas da vida são os sorrisos e que a Olá deve estar sempre presente nesses momentos. Espalhamos felicidade desde o primeiro dia, mas nunca nos acomodámos, quisemos sempre inspirar através da inovação, e é por isso que ainda não parámos de reinventar sorrisos. É graças a todos eles que entrámos no coração dos Portugueses. Todos nós temos memórias, memórias que por alguma razão não guardamos na cabeça, mas sim, no coração, e o que está por de trás de algo tão simples e precioso? Um simples Olá. Vem connosco e diz Olá ao mundo e à vida!   Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-magnum-mini-double-caramelo.html/00871317578517 | Contém leite e derivados Pode conter: Soja e amêndoas. Isento de gúten. Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/carte-d%27or-les-authentiques-baunilha.html/08000920320006/carte-dor | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/carte-d%C2%B4or-yogurt-&-forest-fruits.html/08000920337202/carte-dor | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-ep%C3%A1.html/05601104064049 | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-feast.html/08711327324831 | Contém leite e derivados Pode conter: avelã, amêndoa, ovo Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-fizz-lim%C3%A3o.html/08712100326356 | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/perna-de-pau.html/08712566442317 | Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-perna-de-pau.html/08712566125982 | Contém leite e derivados Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sitemap.html | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-super-maxi.html/08712566118625 | Contém leite e derivados Isento de glúten. Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sitemap.html#main-content | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/por-favor-recicle.html#main-content | Muitos produtos de plástico que existem pelo mundo têm o nosso nome. Nós acreditamos que o plástico que usamos é da nossa responsabilidade, desta forma, comprometemo-nos em remover o plástico das nossas ruas, dos nossos rios e dos nossos oceanos. A nossa visão está focada no trabalho conjunto para garantir que os nossos plásticos sejam reutilizados, reciclados ou compostáveis. Isto garante que o plástico se mantenha dentro de uma economia circular e fora do nosso ambiente. Durante quase 100 anos, defendemos a nossa crença na capacidade mágica de usar os gelados para derreter barreiras e criar união. O plástico é um material valioso, portanto vamos trabalhar juntos para fechar este ciclo. Procura o novo símbolo nas nossas embalagens! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/multipack-ol%C3%A1-p%C3%A9.html/08718114732909 | Diz OLÁ à Felicidade! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/p/mini-bites-morango.html/08711327507081 | Contém leite e derivados Ao longo do tempo a composição e especificações dos produtos podem ser alteradas e poderão existir no mercado produtos com composição diferente, pelo que esta informação pode não estar atualizada. Por este motivo, é imprescindível verificar sempre a lista de ingredientes que consta nas embalagens. Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/por-favor-recicle.html#footer | Muitos produtos de plástico que existem pelo mundo têm o nosso nome. Nós acreditamos que o plástico que usamos é da nossa responsabilidade, desta forma, comprometemo-nos em remover o plástico das nossas ruas, dos nossos rios e dos nossos oceanos. A nossa visão está focada no trabalho conjunto para garantir que os nossos plásticos sejam reutilizados, reciclados ou compostáveis. Isto garante que o plástico se mantenha dentro de uma economia circular e fora do nosso ambiente. Durante quase 100 anos, defendemos a nossa crença na capacidade mágica de usar os gelados para derreter barreiras e criar união. O plástico é um material valioso, portanto vamos trabalhar juntos para fechar este ciclo. Procura o novo símbolo nas nossas embalagens! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sitemap.html#footer | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sitemap.html#search-input | Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/legal.html | Unilever FIMA, Lda. Registado na Conservatória do Registo Comercial sob o NIPC 503933139 Sede social: Largo Monterroio Mascarenhas 1, 1099-081 Lisboa, Portugal(doravante denominada “Unilever FIMA”) Este site pode ser acedido por vários outros utilizadores de países em todo mundo. Esses países regem-se por leis que podem diferir das leis de Portugal. Ao aceder ao site, tanto o utilizador como nós concordamos que as leis de Portugal se deverão aplicar a todos os assuntos que surjam ou que estejam relacionados com a utilização e conteúdos deste site, a menos que especifiquemos que a lei de outro país se aplique apenas a alguns elementos do site. O utilizador concorda também que, a menos que especifiquemos o contrário, os tribunais de Portugal deverão possuir jurisdição não exclusiva a respeito de tais assuntos. Unilever FIMA, Lda. Registado na Conservatória do Registo Comercial sob o NIPC 503933139 Sede social: Largo Monterroio Mascarenhas 1, 1099-081 Lisboa, Portugal (doravante denominada “Unilever FIMA”) https://www.unilever-fima.com/ Temos o compromisso de proteger os seus dados pessoais e cumprir a legislação relevante de proteção de dados. Esta Página de Privacidade descreve o tipo de informação que é coletada por nós neste site, e como a usamos e protegemos. Esta declaração também descreve seus direitos em relação à proteção de dados e informa como entrar em contacto connosco. Esta declaração aplica-se apenas a este site. Por exemplo, não se aplica a banners, anúncios ou promoções que possamos patrocinar ou participar de sites pertencentes a terceiros. Quando nos referimos a “dados pessoais”, queremos dizer as informações suas que recolhemos, a partir das quais o utilizador pode ser pessoalmente identificado. Normalmente, isso pode incluir o seu nome, endereço, número de telefone (incluindo número de telemóvel), informações de cartão de crédito, nome de utilizador, endereço de e-mail, idade, sexo e estado civil, mas também pode incluir outras informações, como hábitos e preferências de compra e detalhes de estilo de vida como hobbies e interesses. Por favor, fique assegurado de que não recolheremos dados pessoais das suas visitas ao nosso site, a menos que decida fornecer essas informações voluntariamente. Quando nos fornecer dados pessoais através deste site, ficará claro os propósitos de uso desses dados e solicitaremos seu consentimento para tal uso. Nós iremos usá-lo apenas para tais propósitos. Os propósitos típicos são os seguintes:  Este site está hospedado nos Estados Unidos. Atualmente, os Estados Unidos não têm leis federais que protejam dados pessoais, mas a organização anfitriã está contratualmente obrigada a implementar medidas para ajudar a proteger os seus dados pessoais e a não processar esses dados, exceto de acordo com as nossas instruções. Qualquer organização de hospedagem futura usada em relação a este site será vinculada de maneira semelhante. Uma cookie normalmente contém o nome do domínio do qual o cookie chegou, a “duração” do cookie e um valor, geralmente um número exclusivo gerado aleatoriamente. Quando visita o nosso site, enviamos uma cookie. As cookies podem ser usadas das seguintes maneiras: Para nos ajudar a reconhecê-lo como um visitante único (apenas um número) quando retorna ao nosso site e nos permitir adaptar o conteúdo ou anúncios de acordo com os seus interesses preferidos ou evitar mostrar repetidamente os mesmos anúncios. Para compilar estatísticas anónimas e agregadas que nos permitem entender como os utilizadores usam o nosso site e nos ajudar a melhorar a estrutura do nosso site. Não podemos identificá-lo pessoalmente desta maneira. Dois tipos de cookies podem ser usadas neste site “cookies de sessão”, que são cookies temporárias que permanecem no arquivo de cookies do seu navegador até que saia do site, e “cookies persistentes”, que permanecem no arquivo de cookies do seu navegador por muito mais tempo (embora a duração vá depender do tempo de vida da cookie específica). Existem várias maneiras de gerir cookies. Se usar computadores diferentes em locais diferentes, precisa de garantir que cada navegador esteja ajustado para atender às suas preferências de cookies. Alguns navegadores modernos têm um recurso que analisa as políticas de privacidade do site e permite que um utilizador controle as suas necessidades de privacidade. Estes são conhecidos como recursos “P3P” (Privacy Preferences Platform). Pode facilmente excluir quaisquer cookies que tenham sido instalados na pasta de cookies do seu navegador. Por exemplo, se você estiver usando o Microsoft Windows Explorer: Abra ‘Windows Explorer’ Clique no botão ‘Pesquisar’ na barra de ferramentas Digite “cookie” na caixa de pesquisa de ‘Pastas e Arquivos’ Selecione ‘Meu Computador’ na caixa ‘Examinar’ Clique em ‘Pesquisar Agora’ Dê um duplo clique nas pastas encontradas “Selecione” qualquer arquivo de cookie Pressione o botão “Excluir” no seu teclado Se não estiver a usar o Microsoft Windows Explorer, deverá selecionar “cookies” na função “Ajuda” para obter informações sobre onde encontrar sua pasta de cookies. O Grupo Unilever PLC / NV é um dos maiores grupos de produtos de consumo do mundo, comercializando uma ampla variedade de alimentos e produtos para cuidados pessoais e domésticos. O nosso objetivo é responder às necessidades quotidianas das pessoas em todo o mundo. As principais empresas do grupo da Unilever e as suas marcas em Portugal são Empresa: Unilever FIMA, Lda. Marcas: Home care: Persil, Surf, Comfort, Cif, Domestos, Skip, Sun Saúde & Beleza: Dove, Vaseline, Simple, Trésemmé, Linic Gelados: Olá, Magnum, Cornetto, Feast, Solero, Carte D'Or, Ben & Jerry’s, Viennetta, Olá Familiar, Clássicos Alimentação: Flora, Flora pro.activ, Hellmann's, Pasta Pots, Knorr, Calvé, o direito de retirar o seu consentimento para o processamento dos seus dados pessoais, que tenha consentido anteriormente o direito de obter uma cópia dos dados pessoais que mantemos sobre si (reservamo-nos o direito de cobrar uma pequena taxa pelo exercício deste direito) o direito de se opor ao processamento dos seus dados pessoais para fins de marketing direto o direito de ter os dados pessoais incorretos que mantemos sobre si corrigidos. Data Protection Office, Unilever FIMA, Lda. Largo Monterroio Mascarenhas 1, 1099-081 Lisboa, Portugal ENVIA-NOS UM EMAIL AQUI   Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.ola.pt/sobre-a-ola/por-favor-recicle.html#search-input | Muitos produtos de plástico que existem pelo mundo têm o nosso nome. Nós acreditamos que o plástico que usamos é da nossa responsabilidade, desta forma, comprometemo-nos em remover o plástico das nossas ruas, dos nossos rios e dos nossos oceanos. A nossa visão está focada no trabalho conjunto para garantir que os nossos plásticos sejam reutilizados, reciclados ou compostáveis. Isto garante que o plástico se mantenha dentro de uma economia circular e fora do nosso ambiente. Durante quase 100 anos, defendemos a nossa crença na capacidade mágica de usar os gelados para derreter barreiras e criar união. O plástico é um material valioso, portanto vamos trabalhar juntos para fechar este ciclo. Procura o novo símbolo nas nossas embalagens! Portugal  Seletor de localização
https://www.unilever-fima.com/legal/ | Pesquisar Quaisquer referências a sociedades do grupo da Unilever FIMA, Lda. incluem todos os membros do Grupo Unilever*. Os utilizadores são autorizados a navegar nesta página de internet e a reproduzir extratos da mesma através de impressão, download e distribuição a outras pessoas. Contudo, em todos os casos, apenas estão autorizados a fazê-lo para finalidades não-comerciais, meramente para informação e utilização pessoal. Nenhuma reprodução, parcial ou total, desta página de internet poderá ser vendida ou distribuída para finalidades comerciais nem poderá ser modificada ou incorporada noutra obra, publicação ou página de internet, seja através de cópia física ou em formato eletrónico, incluindo a publicação noutra página de internet. Não é atribuída qualquer licença ou direito sobre o conteúdo desta página. Marcas Disponibilidade de produtos Valores mobiliários Conteúdo Nem a Unilever FIMA, Lda., nem qualquer sociedade do seu grupo nem os seus gerentes, administradores, trabalhadores ou representantes serão responsáveis por quaisquer perdas, danos ou custos decorrentes do acesso ou utilização desta página de internet ou qualquer página para a qual esta remeta, incluindo, sem limitação, quaisquer lucros cessantes, custos indiretos, incidentais ou consequenciais. Quaisquer comentários, sugestões, gráficos, ideias (incluindo ideias para publicidade de produtos), e qualquer outra informação ou materiais que o utilizador submeta à Unilever FIMA através desta página de internet tornar-se-ão e permanecerão propriedade da Unilever FIMA, incluindo quaisquer direitos futuros associados a tais submissões, mesmo que os presentes termos e condições venham a ser alterados ou extintos. Isto significa que o utilizador renuncia à propriedade ou titularidade de quaisquer direitos sobre tais submissões, e reconhece que a Unilever FIMA tem o direito irrestrito de utilizar tais submissões (ou os materiais e ideias semelhantes) através de qualquer meio, presente ou futuro, sem qualquer necessidade de notificar, compensar ou com qualquer outra obrigação perante o utilizar ou qualquer terceiro. Tal significa ainda que a Unilever FIMA não tem qualquer obrigação de manter a confidencialidade sobre as submissões. Reservamo-nos o direito de realizar quaisquer alterações ou correções à presente página de internet quando e da forma que consideremos apropriado, sem necessidade de pré-aviso. Avisos limitados Embora pretendamos que estas páginas de internet sejam do seu interesse, a Unilever FIMA e as outras empresas do seu grupo não assumem qualquer responsabilidade de qualquer natureza por estas páginas ou a informação nas mesmas contida, não tendo as mesmas sido verificadas ou apoiadas pela Unilever FIMA ou outras empresas do seu grupo. Se, em qualquer momento, verificar que acedeu a outra página através do nosso site, pode voltar para a nossa página de internet clicando na seta “atrás” no seu navegador de internet, ou inserindo o endereço da página de internet da Unilever FIMA. * Por sociedade do Grupo Unilever deve entender-se qualquer sociedade na qual a Unilever PLC detenha, direta ou indiretamente uma participação maioritária no capital social na qual seja titular, direta ou indireta, de mais de metade dos votos ou na qual tenha o direito de designar mais de metade dos membros do órgão de administração e do órgão de fiscalização. Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn Contacte-nos © Unilever 2024
https://www.youtube.com/creators/ | See all the details No matter what you’re creating, you’ll need to start by creating a YouTube Channel. First you need to sign into YouTube using a Google Account. Once you’re signed in, click ‘Create Account’, and choose whether it’s for you or for your business. You can then create a YouTube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments, and create Shorts and playlists. Uploading is easy. You just sign into your YouTube account and then click on the “Create” icon. If you’re planning to upload a longer form video, select “upload video” and then choose your desired video file - you can upload 15 files at a time! If you’d like to upload a YouTube Short, you’ll need to be signed into YouTube mobile, where you’ll tap ‘Create’ and then ‘Create a Short’. From here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. With each video, think carefully about the title, description, and thumbnail you plan to use - these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. If you’re a Shorts creator, think about how the first 1-2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! Once you’ve got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens, and more. You can also make changes to your channel using the Studio Mobile app. You can tap ‘Your Channel’ and then ‘Edit Channel’ to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. Note that you can only change your channel’s name three times every 90 days. Read more about managing your channel Off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts, or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. Read more about promoting your videos So, rather than trying trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. A great tool here is YouTube Analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! No matter what you’re creating, you’ll need to start by creating a YouTube Channel. First you need to sign into YouTube using a Google Account. Once you’re signed in, click ‘Create Account’, and choose whether it’s for you or for your business. You can then create a YouTube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments, and create Shorts and playlists. Uploading is easy. You just sign into your YouTube account and then click on the “Create” icon. If you’re planning to upload a longer form video, select “upload video” and then choose your desired video file - you can upload 15 files at a time! If you’d like to upload a YouTube Short, you’ll need to be signed into YouTube mobile, where you’ll tap ‘Create’ and then ‘Create a Short’. From here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. With each video, think carefully about the title, description, and thumbnail you plan to use - these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. If you’re a Shorts creator, think about how the first 1-2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! Once you’ve got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens, and more. You can also make changes to your channel using the Studio Mobile app. You can tap ‘Your Channel’ and then ‘Edit Channel’ to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. Note that you can only change your channel’s name three times every 90 days. Read more about managing your channel Off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts, or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. Read more about promoting your videos So, rather than trying trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. A great tool here is YouTube Analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! Updates, news, and education from experts and Creators. YouTube Creators Channel YouTube Creators Channel Get the breakdown on topics most important to Creators. Help Center The place to ask questions and provide feedback. Community Forum Help Center  Community Forum The latest tools, tips, and inspiration for Creators like you. @YouTubeCreators Real-time answers. Available in: English, Español, Português, Deutsch, Français, Pусский, 日本語, and Bahasa Indonesia. @TeamYouTube Get the latest information and resources in your inbox. YouTube Emails @YouTubeCreators  @TeamYouTube  YouTube Emails
https://www.youtube.com/t/contact_us/ | Se não conseguir encontrar o que procura no Centro de Ajuda, sugerimos que visite o Fórum de Ajuda da comunidade. Deparou-se com um erro? Consulte a página Problemas actuais do site para ver uma lista de problemas conhecidos que estamos a resolver. Relações com os Meios de Comunicação Programa de parceiros Publicidade Segurança Problemas de Segurança do Website Área jurídica Conteúdo Impróprio Dados de contacto adicionais Enviar conteúdo adicional à Google: O nosso endereço Pode contactar o YouTube através do endereço abaixo. Google LLC, D/B/A YouTube 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066 USA Fax: +1 650-253-0001 Google LLC, D/B/A YouTube 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066 USA Fax: +1 650-253-0001
https://www.youtube.com/about/ | We believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share and build community through our stories. Connect About YouTube About Blog How YouTube Works Jobs Press YouTube Culture & Trends NFL Sunday Ticket Products YouTube Kids YouTube Music YouTube Originals YouTube Podcasts YouTube Premium YouTube Select YouTube Studio YouTube TV For Business Developers YouTube Advertising For Creators Creating for YouTube Kids Creator Research Creator Services Directory YouTube Artists YouTube Creators YouTube NextUp YouTube VR Our Commitments Creators for Change CSAI Match Social Impact About YouTube Products For Business For Creators Our Commitments About Blog How YouTube Works Jobs Press YouTube Culture & Trends NFL Sunday Ticket YouTube Kids YouTube Music YouTube Originals YouTube Podcasts YouTube Premium YouTube Select YouTube Studio YouTube TV Developers YouTube Advertising Creating for YouTube Kids Creator Research Creator Services Directory YouTube Artists YouTube Creators YouTube NextUp YouTube VR Creators for Change CSAI Match Social Impact Policies & Safety Copyright Brand Guidelines Privacy Terms Help
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms | Bem-vindo ao YouTube! Quem Pode Utilizar o Serviço? A Sua Utilização do Serviço O seu Conteúdo e Conduta Suspensão e Cessação da Conta Acerca do Software no nosso Serviço Outros Termos Legais Acerca do Presente Contrato TERMOS DE UTILIZAÇÃO O Nosso Serviço O seu Provedor de Serviço Termos Aplicáveis Por favor leia o presente Contrato atentamente e certifique-se de que o compreende. Se não compreender o Contrato, ou não aceitar qualquer parte do mesmo, não pode utilizar o Serviço. Quem pode utilizar o Serviço? Autorização do Pai/Mãe ou do Tutor Legal Se for um dos pais ou o tutor legal de um utilizador com menos de 18 anos, ao permitir que a criança utilize o Serviço, fica sujeito aos termos do presente Contrato e é responsável pela atividade da criança no Serviço. Encontrará mais ferramentas e recursos para ajudá-lo a gerir a experiência da sua família no YouTube (incluindo como permitir a uma criança com menos de 13 anos utilizar o Serviço e o YouTube Kids) no nosso Centro de Ajuda e no Family Link. Empresas A Sua Utilização do Serviço Contas Google e Canais YouTube Ao criar um canal do YouTube terá acesso a funcionalidades e funções adicionais, tais como carregar vídeos, comentar e criar listas de reprodução. Seguem-se alguns detalhes sobre como criar o seu próprio canal do YouTube. Para proteger a sua Conta Google, mantenha a sua palavra-passe confidencial. Não deve reutilizar a palavra-passe da conta Google em aplicações de terceiros. Saiba mais sobre como manter a conta Google segura, incluindo o que fazer se tiver conhecimento de alguma utilização não autorizada da sua palavra-passe ou conta Google. As suas Informações Trataremos qualquer conteúdo de áudio ou audiovisual carregado por si no o Serviço em conformidade com os Termos de Tratamento de Dados do YouTube, exceto nos casos em que tenha carregado tal conteúdo para fins pessoais ou para atividades domésticas. Saiba mais. Autorizações e restrições Aplicam-se as seguintes restrições à sua utilização do Serviço. Não está autorizado a: aceder, reproduzir, transferir, distribuir, transmitir, emitir, apresentar, vender, licenciar, alterar, modificar ou, de qualquer outro modo, utilizar qualquer parte do Serviço ou qualquer Conteúdo, exceto: (a) conforme especificamente permitido pelo Serviço (b) com consentimento prévio por escrito do YouTube e, se aplicável, dos titulares dos direitos correspondentes ou (c) conforme permitido pela lei aplicável contornar, desativar, interagir de forma fraudulenta ou, de qualquer outro modo, interferir com o Serviço (ou tentar realizar alguma destas atividades), incluindo funcionalidades relacionadas com a segurança ou funcionalidades que: (a) impedem ou restringem a cópia ou outra utilização do Conteúdo ou (b) limitam a utilização do Serviço ou do Conteúdo aceder ao Serviço através de quaisquer meios automatizados (como robôs, botnets ou scrapers) exceto (a) no caso de motores de pesquisa públicos, em conformidade com o ficheiro robots.txt do YouTube (b) com o consentimento prévio por escrito do YouTube (c) conforme permitido pela lei aplicável recolher ou utilizar quaisquer informações que possam identificar uma pessoa (por exemplo, recolher nomes de utilizador ou caras), exceto se permitido pela pessoa em questão ou se autorizado ao abrigo da secção (3) acima utilizar o Serviço para distribuir conteúdo promocional ou comercial não solicitado ou outros pedidos indesejados ou solicitações em massa (spam) causar ou incentivar quaisquer medidas imprecisas de interação genuína dos utilizadores com o Serviço, incluindo através do pagamento a pessoas ou do fornecimento de incentivos para aumentar as visualizações, os gostos ou os não gostos de um vídeo, ou para aumentar os subscritores de um canal ou, de qualquer outro modo, manipular métricas utilizar indevidamente qualquer processo de denúncia, sinalização, reclamação, disputa ou recurso, incluindo através de submissões infundadas, vexatórias ou levianas realizar concursos no Serviço ou através do mesmo que não cumpram as diretrizes e políticas para concursos do YouTube utilizar o Serviço para ver ou ouvir Conteúdo para além de uma utilização pessoal e não comercial (por exemplo, não pode exibir publicamente vídeos ou transmitir música a partir do Serviço) ou utilizar o Serviço para: (a) vender qualquer publicidade, patrocínios ou promoções colocados no Serviço ou no Conteúdo, à volta do mesmo ou inseridos no mesmo, que não os permitidos nas Políticas de Publicidade no YouTube (por exemplo, posicionamentos de produtos conformes) ou (b) vender publicidade, patrocínios ou promoções em qualquer página de qualquer Website ou aplicação que inclua apenas Conteúdo do Serviço ou no qual o Conteúdo do Serviço seja a base principal de tais vendas (por exemplo, vender anúncios numa página Web em que os vídeos do YouTube são o único conteúdo de valor). Desenvolver, melhorar e atualizar o Serviço O YouTube está constantemente a alterar e a melhorar o Serviço. Como parte da evolução contínua dos nossos conteúdos e serviços digitais, poderemos efetuar modificações ou alterações (à totalidade ou a parte do Serviço), tal como adicionar ou remover funcionalidades, oferecer novos serviços ou conteúdos digitais, ou descontinuar antigos. Também poderemos alterar o Serviço por estes motivos: para adaptar a novas tecnologias para refletir aumentos ou diminuições no número de pessoas que utilizam um produto, um serviço ou uma funcionalidade em particular para responder às principais alterações nas licenças e parcerias que mantemos com terceiros para evitar abuso ou danos para abordar problemas legais, regulamentares ou de segurança. Antes de alterarmos ou deixarmos de oferecer qualquer parte do Serviço, avaliamos cuidadosamente os seus interesses enquanto utilizador, as suas expetativas razoáveis e o impacto potencial sobre si e terceiros. Apenas alteramos ou paramos a disponibilização de qualquer parte do Serviço por motivos válidos. Se uma modificação afetar negativamente a sua capacidade de aceder ou utilizar o Serviço, receberá um aviso prévio com antecedência razoável por email, incluindo uma descrição das alterações, quando estas ocorrem e o seu direito de terminar o seu contrato connosco se as nossas modificações criarem mais do que um impacto negativo menor , exceto em situações urgentes, como para evitar abusos ou danos, responder a requisitos legais ou resolver problemas de segurança e funcionalidade. Também terá a oportunidade de exportar o seu Conteúdo através do Google Takeout, sujeito às políticas e leis aplicáveis. O seu Conteúdo e Conduta Direitos Concedidos por Si Licença ao YouTube Licença a Outros Utilizadores Duração da Licença Direito de rentabilização Concede ao YouTube o direito de rentabilização do seu Conteúdo no Serviço (e tal rentabilização pode incluir a apresentação de anúncios no Conteúdo ou a cobrança de uma taxa aos utilizadores pelo acesso). Este Contrato não lhe dá direito a quaisquer pagamentos. A partir de 1 de junho de 2021, quaisquer pagamentos que tenha direito de receber do YouTube ao abrigo de qualquer outro contrato entre si e o YouTube (incluindo, por exemplo, pagamentos ao abrigo do Programa de Parceiros do YouTube, Apoio ao canal ou Super Chat) serão tratados como royalties. Se exigido por lei, a Google irá aplicar impostos de retenção na fonte sobre tais pagamentos. Remoção de Conteúdo por Si Próprio Remoção do Conteúdo pelo YouTube Se acreditarmos razoavelmente que qualquer do seu Conteúdo (1) viola este Contrato ou (2) pode prejudicar o YouTube, os nossos utilizadores ou terceiros, reservamos o direito de remover parte ou a totalidade do referido Conteúdo. Irá receber uma notificação a justificar a ação da Google, exceto se entendermos, de forma razoável, que tal notificação: (a) violaria a lei ou as instruções de uma autoridade de aplicação da lei ou colocaria o risco, de qualquer outra forma, de ser atribuída responsabilidade legal ao YouTube ou aos nossos Afiliados (b) comprometeria uma investigação ou a integridade ou a operação do Serviço ou (c) causaria prejuízo a qualquer utilizador, a outro terceiro, ao YouTube ou aos nossos Afiliados. Pode saber mais acerca de denúncias e aplicação, inclusive como recorrer na página Resolução de problemas do nosso Centro de Ajuda. Advertências por violação das regras da comunidade O YouTube utiliza um sistema de "advertências" relativamente ao Conteúdo que viola as Regras da Comunidade do YouTube. Cada advertência inclui restrições variadas e pode resultar na remoção permanente do seu canal do YouTube. Pode encontrar uma descrição completa de como uma advertência afeta o seu canal na página de noções básicas sobre as advertências por violação das Regras da Comunidade. Se acreditar que emitimos uma advertência por engano, poderá recorrer aqui. Se o seu canal tiver restrições devido a uma advertência, não pode utilizar outro canal para contornar estas restrições. A violação desta proibição é uma violação efetiva do presente Contrato e a Google reserva-se o direito de cessar a sua Conta Google ou o seu acesso à totalidade ou a parte do Serviço. Proteção de Direitos de Autor Respondemos a avisos de alegadas violações de direitos de autor de acordo com o processo no nosso Centro de Direitos de Autor do YouTube, onde pode também encontrar informações sobre como resolver uma advertência por violação de direitos de autor. As políticas do YouTube preveem a cessação, em determinadas circunstâncias, de contas infratoras reincidentes. Suspensão e Cessação da Conta Cessações e Suspensões pelo YouTube Aviso de Cessação ou Suspensão Efeito da Suspensão ou da Cessação da Conta Acerca do Software no Nosso Serviço Código Aberto Outros Termos Legais no prazo de dois anos do fornecimento único de conteúdo ou serviços digitais (como a compra de um filme) em qualquer momento durante o fornecimento "contínuo" de conteúdo ou serviços digitais (tal como uma subscrição paga) Exclusão de responsabilidade Limitação de Responsabilidade Na medida do permitido pela lei aplicável, o YouTube e os seus Afiliados não serão responsabilizados: por perdas que não tenham sido causadas pela violação do presente Contrato pelo YouTube ou os seus Afiliados por quaisquer perdas ou danos que não eram, no momento da celebração do presente Contrato entre si e o YouTube, uma consequência razoavelmente previsível da violação do presente Contrato pelo YouTube ou os seus Afiliados ou pelo Conteúdo enviado por qualquer utilizador, ou por conduta difamatória, ofensiva ou ilegal de qualquer utilizador. O YouTube e seus Afiliados não serão responsáveis por perdas de lucros, receita ou dados perda de oportunidades ou poupanças previstas perdas indiretas ou consequenciais ou danos punitivos (em todos os casos, quer essas perdas fossem ou não previsíveis) e A responsabilidade total do YouTube e seus Afiliados por quaisquer reivindicações decorrentes ou relacionadas com o Serviço está limitada ao montante superior entre: (a) o montante de receita que o YouTube lhe pagou relativamente à respetiva utilização do Serviço nos 12 meses anteriores à data da sua notificação, por escrito ao YouTube, da sua reivindicação e (b) 500 €, consoante o que for superior. Acerca do Presente Contrato Poderemos alterar o presente Contrato (1) para refletir as alterações ao nosso Serviço ou à forma como desenvolvemos a nossa atividade comercial, por exemplo, quando adicionamos novos produtos ou funcionalidades, ou removemos outros antigos, (2) por motivos legais, regulamentares ou de segurança, ou (3) para prevenir abuso ou danos. Se alterarmos materialmente o presente Contrato, iremos fornecer-lhe um aviso razoavelmente antecipado e a oportunidade de rever as alterações, exceto (1) quando lançamos um novo produto ou novas funcionalidades, ou (2) em situações urgentes, como evitar abuso contínuo ou responder a requisitos legais. Caso não concorde com os novos termos, deve remover qualquer Conteúdo que tenha carregado e interromper a utilização do Serviço. Subsistência do Presente Contrato Cláusulas Independentes Cedência Ausência de Renúncia Lei Aplicável Instruções do EEE quanto a retratação Se for um consumidor sediado no EEE, a partir de 28 de maio de 2022, a lei do consumidor do EEE concede-lhe o direito de cancelar este contrato, conforme descrito nas Instruções do modelo de retratação da UE, fornecidas abaixo: Direito de retratação Tem direito à retratação do presente contrato no prazo de 14 dias de calendário sem necessidade de indicar qualquer motivo. O prazo de retratação expira 14 dias a contar do dia da conclusão do contrato. A fim de exercer o seu direito de retratação, tem de nos comunicar a sua decisão de retratação do presente contrato por meio de uma declaração inequívoca (por exemplo, carta enviada pelo correio ou por correio eletrónico). Pode contactar-nos por email através do endereço account-withdrawal@google.com por telefone através do número +35 31800832663 (consulte abaixo os números de telefone específicos de cada país) ou por escrito para a Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irlanda. Pode utilizar o modelo de formulário de retratação, mas tal não é obrigatório. Pode também preencher e enviar por via eletrónica o modelo de formulário de retratação ou qualquer outra declaração inequívoca de retratação através do nosso Website (g.co/EEAWithdrawalForm). Se recorrer a esta opção, enviar-lhe-emos sem demora, num suporte duradouro (por exemplo, por correio electrónico), um aviso de recepção do pedido de retratação. Para que o prazo de retratação seja respeitado, basta que a sua comunicação referente ao exercício do direito de retratação seja enviada antes do termo do prazo de retratação. Efeitos da retratação Em caso de retratação do presente contrato, ser-lhe-ão reembolsados todos os pagamentos efetuados, incluindo os custos de entrega (com excepção de custos suplementares resultantes da sua escolha de uma modalidade de envio diferente da modalidade menos onerosa de envio normal por nós oferecida), sem demora injustificada e, em qualquer caso, o mais tardar 14 dias a contar da data em que formos informados da sua decisão de retratação do presente contrato. Efetuamos esses reembolsos usando o mesmo meio de pagamento que usou na transação inicial, salvo acordo expresso em contrário da sua parte. Em qualquer caso, não incorrerá em quaisquer custos como consequência de tal reembolso. Modelo de formulário de retratação (só deve preencher e devolver o presente formulário se quiser retratar-se do contrato) — Para __Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irlanda, [account-withdrawal@google.com]__: — Pela presente comunico que me retrato do meu contrato de venda para a prestação do seguinte serviço, __________________________________________ — Solicitado em, _____________________________ — Nome do consumidor, _______________________ — Endereço do consumidor, _____________________ — Assinatura do consumidor (só no caso de o presente formulário ser notificado em papel), ___________________ — Data _______________ Contacte a Google para cancelar os presentes termos País Número de telefone Ilha Aland 0800526683 Áustria 0800-001-180 Bélgica 0800-58-142 Bulgária 0800-14-744 Ilhas Canárias +34912158627 Ceuta e Melilha +34912158627 Chequia 800-720-070 Chipre 800-92-492 Croácia 0800-787-086 Dinamarca 80-400-111 Estónia 800-2643 Finlândia 0800-520-030 França 0805-98-03-38 Guiana Francesa 0805980338 Polinésia Francesa +33185149665 Territórios Franceses do Sul +33185149665 Alemanha 0800-627-0502 Gibraltar +442076601216 Grécia 00800-4920-00536 Guadalupe 0805980338 Hungria 06-80-200-148 Islândia 800-4177 Irlanda 1-800-832-663 Itália 800-598-905 Letónia 802-05-391 Listenstaine 0800-566-814 Lituânia 8-800-00-163 Luxemburgo 800-40005 Malta 800-62-257 Martinica Maiote +33185149665 Países Baixos 0800-360-0010 Nova Caledônia +33185149665 Noruega 800-620-68 Polónia 800-410-575 Portugal 808-203-430 Reunião 0805980338 Romênia 0800-672-350 Eslováquia 0800-500-932 Eslovênia 080-688-882 Espanha 900-906-451 St. Barthélemy +33185149665 São Martinho +33185149665 St. Pierre & Miquelon +33185149665 Suécia 020-012-5241 Svalbard e Jan Mayen 80062425 Cidade do Vaticano 800599102 Wallis e Futuna +33185149665 Em vigor a partir de 5 de janeiro de 2022 (ver versão anterior)
https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/ | Nos EUA, a exceção de direitos de autor mais conhecida é a utilização razoável. Ao decidirem se determinada utilização é razoável, os tribunais têm em conta quatro fatores: o objetivo e o caráter da utilização, a natureza da obra protegida por direitos de autor, a dimensão e a importância da parte usada relativamente à totalidade da obra protegida por direitos de autor, assim como o efeito da utilização sobre o potencial mercado ou o valor da obra protegida por direitos de autor. A utilização razoável pode aplicar-se a atividades como críticas, comentários e notícias. A utilização razoável visa promover a liberdade de expressão. Em alguns países com regime de direito civil, incluindo muitos na União Europeia, são reconhecidas exceções mais limitadas segundo as quais a reutilização se deve inserir em categorias específicas, em vez de se ponderar determinados fatores. O artigo 17.º da diretiva relativa aos direitos de autor no mercado único digital da União Europeia prevê as seguintes categorias: citação, crítica, análise, caricatura, paródia e pastiche. Estas palavras têm o seu significado habitual na linguagem corrente, mas também foram promulgadas por cada Estado-Membro e interpretadas pelos tribunais nacionais e pelo Tribunal de Justiça da União Europeia (TJUE). Também é importante considerar o contexto da utilização e os objetivos destas exceções de direitos de autor, um dos quais consiste no equilíbrio entre a liberdade de expressão dos criadores e os direitos de autor dos titulares dos direitos. Em alguns países, como o Canadá, o Reino Unido e a Austrália, existe um conceito híbrido de utilização justa. Os tribunais avaliam fatores semelhantes aos da utilização razoável. No entanto, as reutilizações devem inserir-se em categorias específicas. Estas categorias incluem a citação (citações gerais e citações para efeitos de crítica, análise ou notícias), a caricatura, a paródia e o pastiche. A maioria dos países do mundo assinou um tratado internacional conhecido como a Convenção de Berna, que permite reutilizações em categorias específicas, incluindo a citação e as notícias. Embora haja algumas semelhanças relativamente às exceções de direitos de autor em todo o mundo, ainda existem diferenças consideráveis entre as leis de cada país. Não existe nenhuma resposta universal que determine se uma reutilização é considerada uma exceção de direitos de autor. Além disso, os tribunais decidem a aplicabilidade destas exceções caso a caso. A missão do YouTube é dar voz e mostrar o mundo a todas as pessoas. As exceções de direitos de autor têm um papel fundamental no aprofundamento desta missão ao fomentar a troca livre de ideias e criatividade. Assim, pedimos aos titulares dos direitos que considerem a aplicabilidade de exceções de direitos de autor antes de enviarem pedidos de remoção por violação de direitos de autor. Acreditamos que isso permite alcançar um equilíbrio entre o respeito dos direitos de autor dos titulares e a liberdade de expressão dos criadores, que pode ser abrangida pelas exceções de direitos de autor. Além disso, criamos produtos que permitem aos criadores consultar, criar e partilhar informações como nunca antes. Criámos uma Biblioteca de áudio para descobrir música e efeitos sonoros gratuitos de alta qualidade que pode reutilizar de forma segura. Agora, com o YouTube Shorts, pode criar vídeos curtos com amostras do conteúdo de outra pessoa), desde que tenha obtido a respetiva autorização. Também continuamos a desenvolver e expandir o Creator Music, que permite aos criadores do Programa de parceiros do YouTube usar música comercial de forma segura através do licenciamento de faixas sonoras ou da partilha da receita do respetivo vídeo com os detentores de direitos da música.  Recursos Saiba mais acerca da utilização razoável Formulário Web Copyright Match Tool Content ID Bloquear completamente as visualizações de um vídeo. Os criadores não recebem uma advertência por violação de direitos de autor se o proprietário do conteúdo bloquear o vídeo. Rentabilizar o vídeo através da apresentação de anúncios no mesmo em alguns casos, a receita é partilhada com o remetente. Monitorizar as estatísticas de visualização do vídeo.  Recursos Saiba mais acerca das ferramentas de gestão de direitos de autor do YouTube Saiba mais acerca das advertências por violação de direitos de autor O [Content ID] (https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6013276) funciona de forma diferente. Se ocorrer uma correspondência entre um ficheiro de referência e um novo carregamento, é criada uma "reivindicação". Com base na preferência selecionada pelo proprietário do Content ID, aplicamos uma política para monitorizar, rentabilizar ou bloquear, mas não emitimos uma advertência por violação de direitos de autor.  Recursos Saiba mais acerca das advertências por violação de direitos de autor Retire uma reivindicação de violação de direitos de autor Envie uma contranotificação
https://www.youtube.com/creators/ | See all the details No matter what you’re creating, you’ll need to start by creating a YouTube Channel. First you need to sign into YouTube using a Google Account. Once you’re signed in, click ‘Create Account’, and choose whether it’s for you or for your business. You can then create a YouTube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments, and create Shorts and playlists. Uploading is easy. You just sign into your YouTube account and then click on the “Create” icon. If you’re planning to upload a longer form video, select “upload video” and then choose your desired video file - you can upload 15 files at a time! If you’d like to upload a YouTube Short, you’ll need to be signed into YouTube mobile, where you’ll tap ‘Create’ and then ‘Create a Short’. From here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. With each video, think carefully about the title, description, and thumbnail you plan to use - these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. If you’re a Shorts creator, think about how the first 1-2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! Once you’ve got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens, and more. You can also make changes to your channel using the Studio Mobile app. You can tap ‘Your Channel’ and then ‘Edit Channel’ to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. Note that you can only change your channel’s name three times every 90 days. Read more about managing your channel Off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts, or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. Read more about promoting your videos So, rather than trying trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. A great tool here is YouTube Analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! No matter what you’re creating, you’ll need to start by creating a YouTube Channel. First you need to sign into YouTube using a Google Account. Once you’re signed in, click ‘Create Account’, and choose whether it’s for you or for your business. You can then create a YouTube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments, and create Shorts and playlists. Uploading is easy. You just sign into your YouTube account and then click on the “Create” icon. If you’re planning to upload a longer form video, select “upload video” and then choose your desired video file - you can upload 15 files at a time! If you’d like to upload a YouTube Short, you’ll need to be signed into YouTube mobile, where you’ll tap ‘Create’ and then ‘Create a Short’. From here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. With each video, think carefully about the title, description, and thumbnail you plan to use - these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. If you’re a Shorts creator, think about how the first 1-2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! Once you’ve got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens, and more. You can also make changes to your channel using the Studio Mobile app. You can tap ‘Your Channel’ and then ‘Edit Channel’ to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. Note that you can only change your channel’s name three times every 90 days. Read more about managing your channel Off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts, or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. Read more about promoting your videos So, rather than trying trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. A great tool here is YouTube Analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! Updates, news, and education from experts and Creators. YouTube Creators Channel YouTube Creators Channel Get the breakdown on topics most important to Creators. Help Center The place to ask questions and provide feedback. Community Forum Help Center  Community Forum The latest tools, tips, and inspiration for Creators like you. @YouTubeCreators Real-time answers. Available in: English, Español, Português, Deutsch, Français, Pусский, 日本語, and Bahasa Indonesia. @TeamYouTube Get the latest information and resources in your inbox. YouTube Emails @YouTubeCreators  @TeamYouTube  YouTube Emails
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen | Continue a ler para saber como funcionam os nossos produtos e políticas.  Saiba mais Saiba mais Saiba mais
https://www.youtube.com/about/press/ | Rene’s Top Five on YouTube: April 4, 2024 edition Rene’s Top Five on YouTube: March 28, 2024 edition Peet Montzingo and Kat Buno share why Shorts is worth a shot One year in, revenue sharing on Shorts shows how your passion on YouTube pays off Read more   Play button Play button icon Play button Play button icon Play button Play button icon Play button Play button icon Play button Play button icon OK, got it
https://www.youtube.com/creators/welcome-creators/ | Tell your story There are tons of ways to create and share on YouTube, from short videos, to livestreams and more. It's all here for you to make it your own. Getting started on YouTube Build a community Find the people who share your passions, causes, and sense of humor, and help them to connect, laugh, and learn. Building an audience Do it your way Creating is just the first step. Turn your passion into new opportunities, whether that’s making money, expanding your audience, or building a movement. Growing your channel Read our Policies & Guidelines Read Inclusivity Update We partner with experts and many different communities to write our policies to ensure everyone is included and everyone’s voice is heard. See Hate Speech policy See Harassment policy Chris Bossio Ways to grow your channel Ways to build your community Browse our programs Get more resources
https://www.youtube.com/creators/#content | See all the details No matter what you’re creating, you’ll need to start by creating a YouTube Channel. First you need to sign into YouTube using a Google Account. Once you’re signed in, click ‘Create Account’, and choose whether it’s for you or for your business. You can then create a YouTube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments, and create Shorts and playlists. Uploading is easy. You just sign into your YouTube account and then click on the “Create” icon. If you’re planning to upload a longer form video, select “upload video” and then choose your desired video file - you can upload 15 files at a time! If you’d like to upload a YouTube Short, you’ll need to be signed into YouTube mobile, where you’ll tap ‘Create’ and then ‘Create a Short’. From here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. With each video, think carefully about the title, description, and thumbnail you plan to use - these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. If you’re a Shorts creator, think about how the first 1-2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! Once you’ve got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens, and more. You can also make changes to your channel using the Studio Mobile app. You can tap ‘Your Channel’ and then ‘Edit Channel’ to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. Note that you can only change your channel’s name three times every 90 days. Read more about managing your channel Off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts, or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. Read more about promoting your videos So, rather than trying trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. A great tool here is YouTube Analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! No matter what you’re creating, you’ll need to start by creating a YouTube Channel. First you need to sign into YouTube using a Google Account. Once you’re signed in, click ‘Create Account’, and choose whether it’s for you or for your business. You can then create a YouTube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments, and create Shorts and playlists. Uploading is easy. You just sign into your YouTube account and then click on the “Create” icon. If you’re planning to upload a longer form video, select “upload video” and then choose your desired video file - you can upload 15 files at a time! If you’d like to upload a YouTube Short, you’ll need to be signed into YouTube mobile, where you’ll tap ‘Create’ and then ‘Create a Short’. From here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. With each video, think carefully about the title, description, and thumbnail you plan to use - these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. If you’re a Shorts creator, think about how the first 1-2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! Once you’ve got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens, and more. You can also make changes to your channel using the Studio Mobile app. You can tap ‘Your Channel’ and then ‘Edit Channel’ to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. Note that you can only change your channel’s name three times every 90 days. Read more about managing your channel Off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts, or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. Read more about promoting your videos So, rather than trying trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. A great tool here is YouTube Analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! Updates, news, and education from experts and Creators. YouTube Creators Channel YouTube Creators Channel Get the breakdown on topics most important to Creators. Help Center The place to ask questions and provide feedback. Community Forum Help Center  Community Forum The latest tools, tips, and inspiration for Creators like you. @YouTubeCreators Real-time answers. Available in: English, Español, Português, Deutsch, Français, Pусский, 日本語, and Bahasa Indonesia. @TeamYouTube Get the latest information and resources in your inbox. YouTube Emails @YouTubeCreators  @TeamYouTube  YouTube Emails
https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/ | Pode consultar a lista completa das regras da comunidade abaixo:  Spam e práticas enganosas Falsa interação Roubo de identidade Links externos Spam, práticas enganosas e esquemas Conteúdo sensível Segurança infantil Miniaturas Nudez e conteúdos de natureza sexual Suicídio e automutilação  Conteúdo violento ou perigoso Assédio e ciberbullying Conteúdo nocivo ou perigoso Incitação ao ódio Organizações criminosas violentas Conteúdo violento ou gráfico Política de Desinformação da COVID-19 Bens regulamentados Armas de fogo Venda de serviços e bens ilegais ou regulamentados  Mais Políticas adicionais Este trabalho nunca acaba e estamos sempre a avaliar as nossas políticas para compreender a melhor forma de alcançar um equilíbrio entre manter a comunidade do YouTube protegida e dar uma voz a todas as pessoas.   Também reconhecemos que a melhor forma de remover conteúdo rapidamente é antecipar os problemas antes de surgirem. O nosso departamento de inteligência monitoriza as notícias, as redes sociais e as denúncias dos utilizadores para detetar novas tendências relacionadas com conteúdo impróprio e trabalha para garantir que as nossas equipas estão preparadas para lhes dar resposta antes de se tornarem num problema maior. Se vir conteúdo que acha que viola as regras da comunidade, pode utilizar a nossa funcionalidade de denúncia para enviar o conteúdo para revisão. Desenvolvemos o Programa moderador de confiança do YouTube para disponibilizar processos sólidos de denúncia de conteúdo a organizações não governamentais (ONGs) especializadas numa área de política, agências governamentais e indivíduos com elevadas taxas de precisão de denúncias. Os participantes recebem formação sobre as políticas do YouTube e podem comunicar diretamente com os especialistas da nossa equipa de Confiança e segurança. Os vídeos denunciados por Moderadores de confiança não são removidos automaticamente. São sujeitos à mesma revisão humana que os vídeos denunciados por qualquer outro utilizador, mas a revisão pelas nossas equipas pode ser agilizada. As ONGs também recebem formação online ocasional sobre as políticas do YouTube. Advertências por violação das regras da comunidade  Recursos Saiba mais acerca das advertências por violação das regras da comunidade Recorra de uma advertência por violação das regras da comunidade Aplicação de restrições de idade ao conteúdo  Recursos Saiba mais acerca do conteúdo com restrição de idade
https://www.youtube.com/ads/ | 2,3 Source: Google/Talkshoppe, US, whyVideo study, n=2000, ages 18-64, general population video users, Feb 2020. Offer available to customers with a billing address in the United States only. One promotional code per advertiser. To activate this offer: Enter the promotional code in your account before December 31, 2020. In order to participate in this offer, you must enter the code within 14 days of your first ad impression being served from your first Google Ads account. To earn the credit: After entering the code, your advertising campaigns must accrue costs of at least $50, excluding any taxes, within 30 days. Making a payment of $50 is not sufficient. The tracking of advertising costs towards $50 begins after you've entered the code. Once 2 and 3 are completed, the credit will typically be applied within 5 days to the Billing Summary of your account. Credits apply to future advertising costs only. Credits cannot be applied to costs accrued before the code was entered. You won’t receive a notification once your credit is used up and any additional advertising costs will be charged to your form of payment. If you don’t want to continue advertising, you can pause or delete your campaigns at any time. Your account must be successfully billed by Google Ads and remain in good standing in order to qualify for the promotional credit.
https://www.youtube.com/creators/how-things-work/video-monetization/ | Creators in these countries/regions are now able to qualify for the YouTube Partner Program sooner: Apply to the program and unlock benefits like fan funding and select YouTube Shopping features at the following eligibility criteria: 500 subscribers with 3 public uploads in the last 90 days, and either 3K valid public watch hours in the last 12 months OR 3M public Shorts views in the last 90 days. Unlock even more benefits including revenue sharing from ads and YouTube Premium when you hit: 1,000 subscribers and either 4K valid public watch hours in the last 12 months OR 10M valid public Shorts views in the last 90 days. Learn more about the YouTube Partner Program Read more about how to earn money on YouTube Read about the ads algorithm Get Creator Tips on the YouTube Partner Program *Subject to terms and conditions, which may be different based on region. Eligibility requirements and territory restrictions apply. Get Creator Tips for how ads work Read more about Super Chat & Super Stickers Sell your own products on YouTube Feature popular brands and retailers and earn more *Subject to eligibility requirements. Learn more about memberships *Subject to eligibility requirements. *Subject to eligibility requirements. Learn more about Super Thanks Get Creator Tips about Super Thanks *Subject to eligibility requirements. Growing your channel Tools to help you create, connect, and grow. Policies & Guidelines Get the explanations behind the rules.
https://www.youtube.com/creators/how-things-work/building-community/ | *Subject to terms and conditions, which may be different based on region. Eligibility requirements and territory restrictions apply. Read more about YouTube Shorts Read more about live streaming Read more about premiering a video Get Creator Tips for premieres Read more about Community posts Watch a video about audience engagement Get Creator Tips to build community with comments Read more about managing your comments Watch a video about our policies Read more about moderating your comments Get Creator Tips for collaborations Learn more about metadata Learn how to add captions How to make money on YouTube Explore all ways you can get paid on YouTube. Growing your channel Tools to help you create, connect, and grow.
https://www.youtube.com/creators/how-things-work/getting-started/ | Check out Shorts Get Creator Tips for why you should create videos Get Creator Tips for filming on mobile Watch a video about how to create a channel Read more about channel basics Get Creator Tips to optimize your video Learn more about finding your niche Watch a video about channel customization Watch a video about choosing a channel name Get Creator Tips for your channel banner and profile picture Get Creator Tips for video equipment Get Creator Tips for shooting your video Get Copyright basics Read our Community Guidelines Agent00 Use the Studio mobile app to manage your channel on the go. It’s useful for things like checking your stats, responding to comments, and publishing and managing your videos from your phone. Explore Creator Studio Download the app for iOS Download the app for Android Read more about playlists Get Creator Tips for YouTube analytics Read more about analytics Get Creator Tips to analyze performance with the content tab Take me to my Dashboard Building your community Tips & tricks to find, nurture, and build an audience. Growing your channel Tools to help you create, connect, and grow.
https://www.youtube.com/creators/top-questions/ | No matter what you’re creating, you’ll need to start by creating a YouTube Channel. First you need to sign into YouTube using a Google Account. Once you’re signed in, click ‘Create Account’, and choose whether it’s for you or for your business. You can then create a YouTube channel on your account, upload videos, leave comments, and create Shorts and playlists. Uploading is easy. You just sign into your YouTube account and then click on the “Create” icon. If you’re planning to upload a longer form video, select “upload video” and then choose your desired video file - you can upload 15 files at a time! If you’d like to upload a YouTube Short, you’ll need to be signed into YouTube mobile, where you’ll tap ‘Create’ and then ‘Create a Short’. From here you can either upload a video from your camera roll or create using our suite of lightweight tools. With each video, think carefully about the title, description, and thumbnail you plan to use - these should all accurately reflect your content and let viewers know what they can expect from the video. If you’re a Shorts creator, think about how the first 1-2 seconds of your content can grab viewers scrolling through the video feed! Once you’ve got viewers watching, you can redirect their attention via hashtags, playlists, cards, end screens, and more. You can also make changes to your channel using the Studio Mobile app. You can tap ‘Your Channel’ and then ‘Edit Channel’ to update and edit how your channel looks to your viewers. Note that you can only change your channel’s name three times every 90 days. Read more about managing your channel Off-platform, think about promoting your videos on your socials and relevant communities, podcasts, or platforms that align with your content and your intended audience. Read more about promoting your videos So, rather than trying trying to find a secret code to these systems, focus instead on making videos that you think will resonate with your audience. A great tool here is YouTube Analytics, which provides data that can help you understand how your existing content is performing and provide insights for future videos! Trending isn't personalized, and it displays the same list of trending videos in each country to all users, which is why you may see videos in Trending that aren’t in the same language as your browser. At any given time, at least 50% of the videos on Trending in major markets are from YouTube Creators, with the remainder coming from music and traditional media. See what’s Trending now Once accepted, you'll begin to gain access to a variety of monetization products, including a share of the Ad and YouTube Premium Revenue generated by your videos Channel Memberships Merch Shelf Super Chat & Super Stickers and BrandConnect. Each feature has its own performance and eligibility requirements. Our newest offering through the YouTube Shorts Fund is not limited to Creators in the YouTube Partner Program. Anyone is eligible to participate by creating unique Shorts that delight the YouTube Community. Each month, we’ll reach out to thousands of creators with the most popular Shorts to reward them for their contributions. How to make money *Subject to eligibility requirements. To comply with copyright law, we took the video down. A copyright strike is a warning. The first copyright strike is a warning. If you get one, you’ll need to go through Copyright School, which helps you understand copyright and how it’s enforced at YouTube. Here are the three ways to resolve a copyright strike Attempting to monetize videos you don't own. Make sure you have the right to upload the content: Check the Copyright FAQ, and make sure you know how fair use works. Attempting monetization of videos that don't meet our advertiser-friendly content guidelines. We may reserve the right to disable ads on your entire channel in situations where the majority of your content is not suitable for any advertisers or where there are repeated, serious violations (e.g. uploading of content which is incendiary, demeaning or hateful). Violations of YouTube monetization policies, YouTube spam policies, AdSense Program Policies, or YouTube Terms of Service. Remember: Severe violations of our YouTube monetization policies may result in monetization being permanently disabled on any of your accounts. Your channel’s monetization can also be paused. This happens when there isn’t an active and approved AdSense account linked to your channel. If you’re in the YouTube Partner Program and your monetization was paused, don’t worry – you’re still in the program. Monetization will resume after linking an active and approved AdSense account. See Policies & Guidelines If you can’t sign into your account, you’ll need to recover your Google Account by answering some security questions to verify it’s yours. Then, you’ll be prompted to reset your password. To keep your account protected, we also recommend turning on 2-step verification, which can be done in your Security settings. More on hacked accounts
https://www.youtube.com/creators/how-things-work/get-involved/ | Watch now Growing your channel Tools to help you create, connect, and grow. Building your community Tips & tricks to find, nurture, and build an audience.
https://www.youtube.com/creators/how-things-work/video-monetization/#youtube-partner-program | Creators in these countries/regions are now able to qualify for the YouTube Partner Program sooner: Apply to the program and unlock benefits like fan funding and select YouTube Shopping features at the following eligibility criteria: 500 subscribers with 3 public uploads in the last 90 days, and either 3K valid public watch hours in the last 12 months OR 3M public Shorts views in the last 90 days. Unlock even more benefits including revenue sharing from ads and YouTube Premium when you hit: 1,000 subscribers and either 4K valid public watch hours in the last 12 months OR 10M valid public Shorts views in the last 90 days. Learn more about the YouTube Partner Program Read more about how to earn money on YouTube Read about the ads algorithm Get Creator Tips on the YouTube Partner Program *Subject to terms and conditions, which may be different based on region. Eligibility requirements and territory restrictions apply. Get Creator Tips for how ads work Read more about Super Chat & Super Stickers Sell your own products on YouTube Feature popular brands and retailers and earn more *Subject to eligibility requirements. Learn more about memberships *Subject to eligibility requirements. *Subject to eligibility requirements. Learn more about Super Thanks Get Creator Tips about Super Thanks *Subject to eligibility requirements. Growing your channel Tools to help you create, connect, and grow. Policies & Guidelines Get the explanations behind the rules.
https://www.youtube.com/creators/how-things-work/policies-guidelines/ | Our Policies & Guidelines are designed to create a space that supports Creators, protects creative ownership, and enables them to realize their potential. If Creators want to monetize their content by running advertisements, you need to follow our Advertiser-Friendly Content Guidelines, in addition to our broader Monetization Policies. However, you can use non-ads monetization tools such as Channel Memberships and Super Chat on videos with ads turned off, as long as they adhere to YouTube Partner Program Guidelines. Read our monetization policies Read advertiser content guidelines Read our Community Guidelines Get Creator Tips for Community Guidelines Creators should only upload videos that they have made or that they have permission to use. That means no one should upload videos they didn't make, or use content in their videos that someone else owns the copyright to, such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programs, or videos made by other Creators without permission. What is copyright? Get Creator Tips for copyright Tools Everyone with a YouTube channel has access to our copyright takedown webform. For most copyright owners, the webform is the fastest and easiest way to request a copyright takedown. The Copyright Match Tool finds full re-uploads of your original videos on other YouTube channels. Once a match has been identified, you can review it in YouTube Studio and choose which action you’d like to take (archive, request removal, or contact the channel). Just because we’ve found an upload that matches your video doesn’t guarantee its copyright infringement. It's your responsibility to review each video and consider whether fair use, fair dealing, or a similar exception to copyright applies. After review, you can submit a takedown request if desired. Read about Copyright Match Tool What are copyright management tools? However, fair use is determined on a case by case basis, and different countries have different rules about when it’s okay to use material without the copyright owner’s permission. In the U.S., works of commentary, criticism, research, teaching, or news reporting might be considered fair use, but it can depend on the situation. Read more about fair use Watch a video about fair use If your video was removed through a copyright takedown notice, then a copyright strike has been applied to your account. There are three ways to resolve a copyright strike: Let it expire: Copyright strikes expire after 90 days. If it's your first strike, you'll need to complete Copyright School. Get a retraction: Reach out to the person who claimed your video, and ask them to retract their claim. File a counter notification: If you think your video was removed by mistake, or qualifies as fair use, you can submit a counter notification. Learn more about copyright strikes Read about counter notifications Our Hate & Harassment Policies have been developed with input by Creators and a wide range of external industry & policy experts from all sides of the political spectrum, and in consultation with numerous experts in subjects like violent extremism, civil rights, and free speech. Read our hate speech policy Read our harassment & cyberbullying policy Read the misinformation policies Read the spam, deceptive practices, & scams policies Explore the YouTube Kids app Read our Child Safety policies Learn about supervised experiences Read what we're doing to protect kids on YouTube Made for Kids This is important because if you don’t set your content appropriately, there can be consequences on YouTube, or legal consequences under COPPA and other laws. More on Made for Kids If you’re already a Creator making money on YouTube, it’s important that your channel follows all of YouTube’s monetization policies. These include YouTube’s Advertiser-friendly content guidelines, Community Guidelines, Terms of Service, Copyright, and Google AdSense program policies. They apply to anyone in, or looking to apply to, the YouTube Partner Program -the program Creators must enroll in to earn money on YouTube. Advertiser-friendly content guidelines Our policies apply to all portions of a Creators' content (video or live stream, thumbnail, title, description, and tags). Examples of content that may not be suitable for ads are Violence, Adult content, Harmful or dangerous acts, Hateful & derogatory content, Sensitive events etc. Read our Community Guidelines Get Creator Tips for Community Guidelines Creators should only upload videos that they have made or that they have permission to use. That means no one should upload videos they didn't make, or use content in their videos that someone else owns the copyright to, such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programs, or videos made by other Creators without permission. What is copyright? Get Creator Tips for copyright Tools Everyone with a YouTube channel has access to our copyright takedown webform. For most copyright owners, the webform is the fastest and easiest way to request a copyright takedown. The Copyright Match Tool finds full re-uploads of your original videos on other YouTube channels. Once a match has been identified, you can review it in YouTube Studio and choose which action you’d like to take (archive, request removal, or contact the channel). Just because we’ve found an upload that matches your video doesn’t guarantee its copyright infringement. It's your responsibility to review each video and consider whether fair use, fair dealing, or a similar exception to copyright applies. After review, you can submit a takedown request if desired. Read about Copyright Match Tool What are copyright management tools? However, fair use is determined on a case by case basis, and different countries have different rules about when it’s okay to use material without the copyright owner’s permission. In the U.S., works of commentary, criticism, research, teaching, or news reporting might be considered fair use, but it can depend on the situation. Read more about fair use Watch a video about fair use If your video was removed through a copyright takedown notice, then a copyright strike has been applied to your account. There are three ways to resolve a copyright strike: Let it expire: Copyright strikes expire after 90 days. If it's your first strike, you'll need to complete Copyright School. Get a retraction: Reach out to the person who claimed your video, and ask them to retract their claim. File a counter notification: If you think your video was removed by mistake, or qualifies as fair use, you can submit a counter notification. Learn more about copyright strikes Read about counter notifications Our Hate & Harassment Policies have been developed with input by Creators and a wide range of external industry & policy experts from all sides of the political spectrum, and in consultation with numerous experts in subjects like violent extremism, civil rights, and free speech. Read our hate speech policy Read our harassment & cyberbullying policy Read the misinformation policies Read the spam, deceptive practices, & scams policies Explore the YouTube Kids app Read our Child Safety policies Learn about supervised experiences Read what we're doing to protect kids on YouTube Made for Kids This is important because if you don’t set your content appropriately, there can be consequences on YouTube, or legal consequences under COPPA and other laws. More on Made for Kids If you’re already a Creator making money on YouTube, it’s important that your channel follows all of YouTube’s monetization policies. These include YouTube’s Advertiser-friendly content guidelines, Community Guidelines, Terms of Service, Copyright, and Google AdSense program policies. They apply to anyone in, or looking to apply to, the YouTube Partner Program -the program Creators must enroll in to earn money on YouTube. Advertiser-friendly content guidelines Our policies apply to all portions of a Creators' content (video or live stream, thumbnail, title, description, and tags). Examples of content that may not be suitable for ads are Violence, Adult content, Harmful or dangerous acts, Hateful & derogatory content, Sensitive events etc. How to make money on YouTube Explore all ways you can get paid on YouTube. How to get involved How we support, recognize, and celebrate Creators.
https://www.youtube.com/new | Fornecer e manter os serviços Google Monitorizar interrupções de serviço e proteger contra spam, fraudes e abusos Medir a interação com o público-alvo e as estatísticas dos sites para compreender como são utilizados os nossos serviços e melhorar a qualidade dos mesmos Desenvolver e melhorar novos serviços Publicar e medir a eficácia de anúncios Mostrar conteúdos personalizados, consoante as suas definições Mostrar anúncios personalizados, consoante as suas definições
https://www.youtube.com/creators/how-things-work/content-creation-strategy/ | emmymade Get Creator Tips on search and discovery Get Creator Tips to learn what your viewers are watching Watch a video about recommendations Read more about how we recommend videos Watch videos on programming best practices Get Creator Tips for your upload schedule Watch a video about analytics Read more about audience analytics Get Creator Tips for channel performance Get Creator Tips about who your viewers are Watch a video about monetization metrics Read more about ad revenue Get Creator Tips about what content to create Tips on collaborations Learn more about Live Tips for pivots Watch a video about secondary channels Read more about creating a new channel Tips on well-being Get Creator Tips for managing creator burnout Learn more about Shorts Reza & Puja Khan How to make money on YouTube Explore all ways you can get paid on YouTube. Policies & Guidelines Get the explanations behind the rules.
https://www.blog.youtube/madeonyoutube | Play button Play button icon Play button Play button icon Play button Play button icon Play button Play button icon OK, got it
https://www.support.google.com/youtube/answer/72431 | How to Add Custom Thumbnails to Your YouTube Videos Subscribe to the YouTube Creators channel for the latest news, updates, and tips. Have a resolution of 1280x720 (with minimum width of 640 pixels). Be uploaded in image formats such as JPG, GIF, or PNG. Remain under 2MB for videos or 10MB for podcasts. Try to use a 16:9 aspect ratio as it's the most used in YouTube players and previews. For podcast playlists, upload a thumbnail with an aspect ratio of 1:1 instead of 16:9 (1280 x 1280 pixels).
https://www.support.google.com/youtube/answer/57792 | You can go to the You tab to view all of your playlists. You can also manage your playlists in YouTube Studio. If a video or channel’s audience is "made for kids" and you’re on a homepage, you can't add it to a playlist. You can still add content from search results into playlists.  Create and manage a YouTube playlist on your desktop Go to the watch page of a video that you want in the playlist. Click More Save Create new playlist Enter a name for the playlist. Use the box to select your playlist's privacy setting. If it's private, only you can view the playlist. Click Create. Go to the watch page of a Short that you want in the playlist. Click More Save Create new playlist Enter a name for the playlist. Use the box to select your playlist's privacy setting. If it's private, only you can view the playlist. Click Create. 
https://www.support.google.com/youtube/answer/6140493 | Add cards to a video Sign in to YouTube Studio. From the left menu, select Content. Click the video you’d like to edit. From the left menu, select Editor. Select Info cards and select the card you want to add. Note: You can add up to 5 cards to one video. Video: This info card allows you to link to a public YouTube video for your viewers to interact with. Playlist: This info card allows you to link to a public YouTube playlist for your viewers to watch. Channel: This info card allows you to link to a YouTube channel for your viewers to engage with. For example, you can use an info card to thank a channel that helped with your video or to recommend another channel to viewers. Link: If you’re in the YouTube Partner Program, this info card allows you to link to an external website to share with your audience. You can also add end screens to your videos. Note: Make sure your linked external website complies with our policies, including our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service. Violations can result in card or link removal, strikes, or termination of your Google Account. Change the start time for the card below the video. Add an optional message and teaser text about the video. Note: Message and teaser text are required for channel cards. Click Save. How viewers get to cards Viewers can’t see cards on videos that are set as made for kids. 
https://www.support.google.com/youtube/answer/2972003 | Note: You can change your channel name twice within a 14-day period. Changing your name will remove your verification badge. Learn more.  Note: You can change your handle twice within a 14-day period. Sign in to YouTube Studio. From the left Menu, select Customization Basic info. Under Handle, you can view or change your handle. If you change your handle, click PUBLISH to confirm it.  Customize Your Channel Branding & Layout: Add a Profile Picture, Banner, Trailer, Sections, & more! Subscribe to the YouTube Creators channel for the latest news, updates, and tips.
https://www.support.google.com/youtube/answer/141805 | YouTube Search & Discovery: 'The Algorithm' and Performance FAQs Get video discovery tips for creators. Make sure your thumbnail follows our thumbnail policy. Use compelling titles for your videos that accurately represent the content. Create thumbnails that accurately represent your content. Avoid using titles and thumbnails that are: Deceiving, misleading, clickbaity or sensational: Misrepresents the content of the video Shocking: Includes offensive or outrageous language Disgusting: Contains gross or repulsive imagery Gratuitous violence: Unnecessarily promotes violence or abuse Indecent: Implies sexually suggestive or lewd conduct Loud: Uses ALL CAPS or !!!!! to overemphasize titles
https://www.support.google.com/youtube/answer/6388789 | Note: Your video has to be at least 25 seconds long to have an end screen. Other interactive elements, like card teasers and video watermarks, are suppressed during the end screen. End screens aren’t available for videos set as made for kids, in the YouTube music app, flash videos, mobile web, or 360 videos. Get creator tips to optimize your video. More options Apply a template Sign in to YouTube Studio. From the left menu, select Content. Click the video you’d like to edit. From the left menu, select Editor. Click Add element to apply your template. Click SAVE. Select an element by clicking it in the end screen row of the Editor. To the left of your video, find the boxes containing end screen time. Update the start time or end time of the element. Click SAVE. Elements can feature different types of content: Video or playlist: Feature your most recently uploaded video. Allow YouTube to select a video from your channel to best suit the viewer. Pick any video or playlist (public or unlisted) from your or any other channel. Subscribe: Encourage subscriptions to your channel. Channel: Promote another channel with a custom message. External websites: If you’re in the YouTube Partner Program, you can link to an external website. Sign in to YouTube Studio. From the left menu, select Analytics. From the top menu, select Engagement. To compare the success of different element types, use the “Top end screen element types” card. To see videos with end screens that viewers clicked the most, use the “Top videos by end screen” card. To see how often viewers click your end screen elements, use the “End screen element click rate” card. On mobile web (exception: iPad mobile web). In the YouTube Music or YouTube Kids apps. In Flash videos. In 360 videos.
https://www.twitter.com/TeamYouTube | Help Center Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2024 X Corp.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkRfArvrzheW2E7b6SVT7vQ | Fornecer e manter os serviços Google Monitorizar interrupções de serviço e proteger contra spam, fraudes e abusos Medir a interação com o público-alvo e as estatísticas dos sites para compreender como são utilizados os nossos serviços e melhorar a qualidade dos mesmos Desenvolver e melhorar novos serviços Publicar e medir a eficácia de anúncios Mostrar conteúdos personalizados, consoante as suas definições Mostrar anúncios personalizados, consoante as suas definições
https://www.twitter.com/YouTubeCreators | Help Center Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2024 X Corp.
https://www.support.google.com/youtube/answer/2657964 | Note: You can change your channel name twice within a 14-day period. Changing your name will remove your verification badge. Learn more.  Note: You can change your handle twice within a 14-day period. Sign in to YouTube Studio. From the left Menu, select Customization Basic info. Under Handle, you can view or change your handle. If you change your handle, click PUBLISH to confirm it.  Customize Your Channel Branding & Layout: Add a Profile Picture, Banner, Trailer, Sections, & more! Subscribe to the YouTube Creators channel for the latest news, updates, and tips.
https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines | We enforce these Community Guidelines using a combination of human reviewers and machine learning, and apply them to everyone equally—regardless of the subject or the creator’s background, political viewpoint, position, or affiliation. Our policies aim to make YouTube a safer community while still giving creators the freedom to share a broad range of experiences and perspectives. What areas do Community Guidelines cover?  Spam & deceptive practices Fake engagement Impersonation External links Spam, deceptive practices & scams Playlists Additional policies Sensitive content Child safety Thumbnails Nudity and sexual content Suicide and self-harm Vulgar language  Violent or dangerous content Harassment and cyberbullying Harmful or dangerous content Hate speech Violent criminal organizations Violent or graphic content Regulated goods Firearms Sale of illegal or regulated goods or services  Misinformation Misinformation Elections misinformation Medical misinformation Educational, Documentary, Scientific, and Artistic (EDSA) content How YouTube evaluates Educational, Documentary, Scientific, and Artistic (EDSA) content In addition to Community Guidelines, creators who want to monetize content on YouTube must comply with Monetization Policies. This work is never finished, and we are always evaluating our policies to understand how we can better strike a balance between keeping the YouTube community protected and giving everyone a voice.     We also recognize that the best way to quickly remove content is to anticipate problems before they emerge. Our Intelligence Desk monitors the news, social media, and user reports to detect new trends surrounding inappropriate content, and works to make sure our teams are prepared to address them before they can become a larger issue. Is there a way for the broader community to flag harmful content? If you see content that you think violates Community Guidelines, you can use our flagging feature to submit content for review. We developed the YouTube Trusted Flagger program to provide robust content reporting processes to non-governmental organizations (NGOs) with expertise in a policy area and government agencies. Participants receive training on YouTube policies and have a direct path of communication with our Trust & Safety specialists. Videos flagged by Trusted Flaggers are not automatically removed. They are subject to the same human review as videos flagged by any other user, but we may expedite review by our teams. NGOs also receive occasional online training on YouTube policies. EDSA exceptions are a critical way we make sure that important speech stays on YouTube, while protecting the wider YouTube ecosystem from harmful content.  Resources How YouTube evaluates Educational, Documentary, Scientific, and Artistic (EDSA) content Read more about how we treat EDSA content on YouTube   Community Guidelines Strikes  Resources Learn more about Community Guidelines strikes Appeal a Community Guidelines strike Age-Restricting Content  Resources Learn more about age-restricted content
https://www.youtube.com/yt/jobs | Sarah, Product Manager View openings
https://www.youtube.com/yt/about | We believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share and build community through our stories. Connect About YouTube About Blog How YouTube Works Jobs Press YouTube Culture & Trends NFL Sunday Ticket Products YouTube Kids YouTube Music YouTube Originals YouTube Podcasts YouTube Premium YouTube Select YouTube Studio YouTube TV For Business Developers YouTube Advertising For Creators Creating for YouTube Kids Creator Research Creator Services Directory YouTube Artists YouTube Creators YouTube NextUp YouTube VR Our Commitments Creators for Change CSAI Match Social Impact About YouTube Products For Business For Creators Our Commitments About Blog How YouTube Works Jobs Press YouTube Culture & Trends NFL Sunday Ticket YouTube Kids YouTube Music YouTube Originals YouTube Podcasts YouTube Premium YouTube Select YouTube Studio YouTube TV Developers YouTube Advertising Creating for YouTube Kids Creator Research Creator Services Directory YouTube Artists YouTube Creators YouTube NextUp YouTube VR Creators for Change CSAI Match Social Impact Policies & Safety Copyright Brand Guidelines Privacy Terms Help
https://www.youtube.com/yt/creators/get-started.html | Learn more about the Creator Awards below, or login to redeem your Creator Award. Get My Award Creator Awards FAQ Silver Creator Award Gold Creator Award Diamond Creator Award
